Women Singing:
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight
I'm getting mad love, I'm snuggling hugs
Druggling thugs, smuggling drugs, juggling jobs, guzzling jugs
So here's a toast to federal checks
Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts, huh
We travel in packs and ravel in facts and gravel in cracks
To find babbling Max, gaffling tracks
I grapple an axe for them baffling acts
The mysterious stab in the backs who dabble in wax
Still in my yard when I sculpted the culprit
The tall shit that will end up with his skull split
Then I buried the hatchet, I carried on my back 
Butterfingers is here and it's necessary to scratch it
Baby all I wanna do is swallow one and two
Smoke a little bit and follow one of you 
Back home when the party ends
So tonight I'm dropping naughty hints
To the finest women in the audience
Chorus:
Women Singing:
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)
Eminem: 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandealous
Living as scandalous as a television evangelist
But I can handle this, I'm the rhyme biter crime fighter
Caped crusader, taking care of undeserving lime lighters
I think a living never meant for me
Experimentally I found a way to spread interamentally
When I stumbled upon this resolution
By using a special fusion of chemical solution for this resolution
You couldn't see me with binoculars
I armed like an octopus
Step on stage and you get socked and pushed
Talking that junk like you went black, guarded your back
Come battle me and you get smacked as hard as you act
When I rap I represent it and will never referee in it
Every minute so when I win it you never resent it
I'm forever demented, come up with funk, I'll never be scented
You got the point when I cleverly said it
Chorus:
Women Singing:
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)
Eminem: 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Eminem is heading skyward
For those who thought that I would make you bored and treat you like a piece 
of plywood
I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
With the agility to escape a killer bee colony
So get your cameras and capture how miraculous 
I rap for all you Draculas and showed you all how whack you was
I meant it as a dis, cause you don't posses the pizzazz as this
I'm hazardous enough already as it is
Without you adding fuel to the fire
I'm cruel to the liar
Who fails to recognize my reign of hell, rule to the sire
Clinical studies show that I'm cynical
There's no one who's identical to my fresh and authentic flow
I'm sure the party people can agree
That I'm enchanting, with the romantic
Freaking the vocals so frantically
So throw your hands up in the atmosphere
And let them know the only party that was phat was here, just be like
Chorus:
Women Singing:
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight, Tonight (blends in with lyrics)
Eminem: 
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight, we don't want no one feeling uptight
Cause we came here to do this tonight
Till the morning light hope that everyone's feeling alright
Hey! hey, stop, hey. please stop, fuck stop!
Thank god you stopped.
Fuck, my fucking on star isn't working,  I left my fucking phone at home! 
God, I've been standing out here for like, an hour I'n soaking wet, freezing
Thank you so much. really, you're a life-saver What are you doing?
Fucking! get away from me! what the fuck! fuckin asshole!
Get away from me you motherfucker! get away!
Get away you fuckin freak! get away from me! 
Goddamit fuck! help me!
Intro-EMINEM
Big Proof, rest in peace dudey, we love you,
We just wanna keep making you proud, heh...
PROOF
My life is trapped in these lines,
Thats why I'm packing these nines,
I got a rap i ain't diein',
Thats in the back of my mind,
Got a strap made of iron,
Cant relax on this grind,
Bending over backwards for these slackers
Til I'm snapping my spine,
Natural high...i gotta focus,
On these bogus pochers,
Looking over my shoulder,
Proof get it poppin like show'd a hold up,
EMINEM
WE NOTHING BUT SOLDIERS!!!
PROOF
SLOW UP!
EMINEM
THIS GUN IS LOADED!!!
PROOF
ROLL UP!
EMINEM
THEY BEEF 'N WE LEAVING 'EM COKED UP!!!
PROOF
If Em say it i spray it,
If he will it i kill it,
We kilpatrick 'n ill it,
Yo Detroit, know i can feel it,
Will at this gun on my waiste-line,
At war we don't waste time,
Blow up magic cant take a punch,
And fifty can take 9, (BLAOW!!),
We got schoolcraft here at the seven-eight and dexter,
I'm up 'n holla spending dollars ain't feeling no pressure,
Yes suh', ya texta' is bitch...
Bet'chya ya flinch when proof shoot up they crew
And wet ya whole clique...
You sit there stone-faced, as if I'm not here
Can't you see that I've been crying?
I didn't know you'd be insane
Dreams can be so deceiving
You're an itch I can't reach
A wound that won't heal
The smell of skin that's burning
I didn't know you'd be insane
But it's true, and just say all I am to you is a
Pre-Hook - Eminem:
Pain in my neck, thorn in my side
Stain on my blade, blood on my knife
Been dreaming of her, all of my life
But she won't come true, she's just my nightmare I woke up to
Hook - Skylar Grey:
She's twisted, he's a rebel, she's sick, he's hard to handle
The worst of all is he just don't care
She's twisted like a rope, that is wrapped around her throat
But the worst part of all is she really don't give a... (shit)
(She don't give a shit)
Sometimes I wish that you'd just die
Cause I'm too afraid of leaving
I didn't know you'd be insane
Dreams can be so deceiving
(How did it come to this?
Why do I fantasize to kill you when you're sleeping?)
I didn't know you feel the same
When I say you're no good
All you are to me
Pre-Hook:
Is a pain in my neck, thorn in my side
Stain on my blade, blood on my knife
Been dreaming of her, all of my life
But she won't come true, she's just my nightmare I woke up to
Hook
Love ain't no fairytale, love is a buried nail
Inside of this heart of stone, so you wanna get married?
Well Romeo, Romeo, smokin' blow with Antonio
In the back alley takin' shots of whiskey and only gold
Juliet's at the nudie bar, doin' God only knows
Neither one of 'em came to see the dog and the pony show
But a bitch is a bitch, and a horse is a horse, ain't it?
Sorry I can't afford to get your daddy's old Porsche painted
Sorry Juliet that you embedded the sayin'
If a dollar makes you holler well then I'm gettin' the short change of it
Feel like I've been asleepin' alone and lovin' this angel
Entangled between a dream and a coma
Walkin' the edge of this cliff, like a sheep to it's owner
Then woke up to this fuckin' bitch with an evil persona
Now if you say that you hate somebody and you livin' with them
Then they pack up and leave and then you bitch about how you miss 'em
You gotta see the pattern of the blood all over the steerin' wheel
Love is a cannibal ridin' a carnival carousel
'Round and 'round we roll, where it stops, baby nobody knows
Some people go crazy and they lose control
Some people jump off, some people won't let go
Some people say love, some people say why
Some people don't love, they just want a free ride
The rain won't stop, it'll never dry
If she's in the house of pain then love is standin' outside
Hook
Maybe I'm the twisted one that screwed this up
So I guess this means Goodbye, for now
Eminem 
Translation
So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick - ha ha!
Two pills I pop, 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies
I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties
A young ass man with a trash can strapped to the back of his ass
so the rats can't chew through his last pants
I'm like a mummy at night, fightin with bright lightning
Frightened with five little white Vicadin pills bitin him
I'm like a fuckin wasp in the hospital lost
Stingin the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls
I light a candle and place it up on the mantle
Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin handle
So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin
Swifty Bitch it's too late
Eminem Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains
Swifty
I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator
Degradin, creatin murders to kill haters
Accused for every crime known through the equator
They knew I did it (uh-huh) for havin blood on my 'gators
My weed'll hit yo' chest like a double barrel gauge an'
I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face *BLAM*
With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remi I do shit on purpose
You never hear me say, Forgive me
I'm snatchin every penny - it gotta be that way nigga, face it
That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it
You hidin, I make the president get a facelift
Niggaz just afraid, handin me they bracelets
Chillin in the lab wasted
I'm the type that'll drink Kahlua and gin - throw up on the mic
Your life is ruined, you get socked right on site
And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight
Chorus: Eminem
So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick
Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like, my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick
Bizarre
I'm a compulsive liar, settin my preacher on fire
Slashin your tires, flyin down Fenkel and Meyers
Plates expired, soon as I'm hired, I'm fired
Jackin my dick off in a bed of barbed wire
(Hey, is Bizarre performing?) Bitch didn't you read the flyer?
Special invited guest will be, Richard Pryor
(Aren't you a male dancer?) Nah bitch, I'm retired
Fuckin your bitch in the ass with a tire iron
I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip
My DJ's in a coma for lettin the record skip.. needle pops
Lettin the record skip.. needle pops
Lettin the record skip.. needle pops (Damn!)
I'm fuckin anything when I'm snortin
It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pit bull an abortion
dog whines Some bitch asked for my autograph
I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed
I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam
All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin ass mom
Proof
Aiyyo flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack
Weed laced with somethin *gun cocks* nigga pass that
In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats
At a 'Stop the Violence' rally, I blast gats
Be your mom on publishin, get your ASCAP-ped
The Kuniva, divide up your cash stack
Run your motherfuckin pockets, ASAP
I don't need a platinum chain, bitch I snatch Shaq's
Born loser, half theif and half black
Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at
Bitch smacker, rich rappers get they Jag jacked
and found chopped up in a trash bag
Kuniva
We stranglin rappers until the point they can't yell
cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales
Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace
Gruesome, and causin more violence than nine hoodlums
I grapple your adam's apple until it crackle
Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you
Get executed, cuz I'm a Luni
I got a Yukmouth and it's polluted
I cock it back then shoot it
I love snatchin up players thugs and young ballers
Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers
Brigade barricade to bring the noise
While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys
If I go solo, I'm doin a song with Bolo
A big Chinese nigga, screamin Kuniva yo yo..
I leave ya face leakin, run up in church 
and smack the preacher while he's preachin
Take a swing at the deacon
Kon Artis
I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight
I was straight 'til I got caught sellin em shake
I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent
I got kicked out of summer camp for havin sex in my tent
with the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order
I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin in water
In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von
who got fired from UPS for tryin to send you a bomb
(Special delivery!) I signed to a local label for fun
Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run
Driveby you in the rain while you carry your son
Call your house and hang up on you for not givin me none
Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun
Got a reputation for havin niggaz runnin they funds
Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin some one's
'til I met your fat mama, now I'm rollin in dough
Chorus
Eminem
Haha.. suck my motherfuckin dick
D-12.. Dirty motherfuckin Dozen
Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin husbands
Bizarre kid
Swifty McVeigh
The Kon Artis
The Kuniva
Dirty Harry
Haha, and Slim Shady..
A lot of people ask me
Where the fuck I've been at the last few years
Shit I don't know
But I do know - I'm back now.
2x
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground
Dre. I'm down here under the ground
Pick me up, broken tibias fibias yeah fix me up
60 sluts, all of them dying from asphyxia
After they sip piss through Christopher Reeves sippy cup
Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of oxipads
Enough oxi-cotton to send a fucking ox to rehab
Whack job in the back in a black stocking cap
Jacking off to a hockey mask at a boxing match (He can't say that)
Yes he can, I just did faggot, now guess again
Better text message your next of kin, tell em shits about to get extra messy especially when I flex again
Throw a fucking lesbian into wet cement
Faggidy, faggidy, fagidy, ragidy Ann and Andy,
NO! Ragidy, Andy and Andy
NO! It can't be, it can't be
Yes it can be, the fucking Antichrist back Danny and Satan in black satin panties
This is Amityville, calamity god damn it insanity pills fanny pack filled with Xanax
Through every nook and cranny looking for trannies
Milk and cookies spilled on my silk
Negligee lookie
Razor blades with me to make you bleed,
Cases of Maybelline make-up laying on the table of weed
Slim Shady shit sounds like a fable to me
Until he jumps out of the fucking toilet when you're taking a pee.
2x
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground
Six semen samples, 17 strands of hair
Found at the back of a van after the shooting at the vanity fare
Hannah Montanna prepare to elope from a can opener and be cut open like a cantaloupe and canopy beds
Glad bags, yeah glad to be back, 'cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack dead in rehab
Fucking doctor, I didn't understand a damn what he said I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch
Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened
Biting into a fucking Vicadin like I'm a viking
Oh! Lightning is striking, oh might be a fucking sign, not like I need a psychic
Evaluation fuck Jason it's Friday the 19th
That means it's just a regular day and this is the kind of shit I think of regularly
Fucking lesbian shouldn't have had her legs in the way
Now she's pregnant and gay, missing both legs and begging to stay.
2x
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground
Tell the critics I'm back and coming to spit it back in abundance
Hit a fag with onions and split a bag of fonions
Mad at me understandable, cannibal shoot an animal out of a cannon and have him catapult at an adult!
Captain of a cult, with an elite following to turn Halloween back into a trick or treat holiday
Have Micheal Myers looking like a liar, swipe his powers
Replace his knife with flowers and a stack of fliers
Hit Jason Vorhees with 40's
Stuck a suppository up his ass and made him tell me a story
Gave Hannibal Lecter a fucking nectarine sat him in a fucking fruit and vegetable section and gave him a lecture
Walked up Elm street with a fucking wiffle bat drew fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissor Hands too
Came out with a little scratch, ooh
Looking like I got in a fucking pillow fight with a triple fat goose
Insanity, can it be vanity, where is the humanity
And having a twisted fantasy with an arm and leg amputee
Straight jacket with a hundred eight brackets
With a strap that wraps twice around my back then they latch it
Cut your fucking head off and ask you where you're headed off to,
Get it? Headed off to (haha)
Medic this headache's awful
This anesthetic is pathetic so is this diabetic waffle
And this prosthetic arm keeps crushing my hard taco
2x
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I've disappeared, you'll wonder how
Looking for me, I'm underground
So, it wasn't a choice, it was I had to do this.
And now I'm 90 days clean and uh, that's all I have to share.
Thanks.
Thanks for sharing Brian, is there anyone else who would like to share this evening?
Yeah I got something I want to share.
When you walked through the door you were queer to me
So come here baby boy, just come here to me
You're a cock boy, everybody wants you
You're gayer than you would ever claim to
I won't have to rape you
So homie lay down down down, lay down down down, lay down down down, lay down lay down.
Where's everybody going? This always went over real big in gay a
OK wait, I got another one
I just love condoms and lots of cum, no? Oh, shit.
(You don't own me. Don't try to change me)
Nah man
Not quite finished yet
Girl, I think,
You just might've tried to pull a motherfucking fast one, I'm mad
You just hurt my goddamn feeling, and that was the last one I had
Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games?
See this saw blade? See the silhouette of a stalker
in your walk-way? Better co-operate
Or get sautéed and rotisseried while you're hog-tied
MC's get so quiet you can hear a motherfucking dog whistle when I walk by
'Colt Seavers' on a mule, stunting on that ass like the fucking Fall Guy
I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai
'Cause it will turn into a Gremlin and run over kids, women and men
Vrinn-vrinn! Motor's so big you can fit a midget in his engine
Bitch, give me them digits, why you're cringin'
Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin
Will I spend-spend even ten cents on you, since when
Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny?
Shit, if I think a penny's pretty
just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me
Eenie meenie miney mo, Catch an Eskimo by his toe (you don't own me)
While he's trying to roll a snowball,
but don't make him lose his cool
If he hollers better let him go ya'll, 'cause (you don't own me)
Now here we go go go
Get up! Baby, get a move on, like a U-Haul
You can rack your brain like pool balls
You won't ever think of this shit
Yeah, honey you called?
Well, here I come, Havoc on the beat, I wreak it
Evil I see, hear and speak it
Lady, put your money on Shady
Fuck that other weak shit
Put your eggs in the same basket
You can count every motherfucking chicken 'fore it hatches
'Cause, you can bet your ass that we gon' get it crackin'
Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin'
Get your brains bashed in so bad
You gon' have Kurt Cobain askin'
To autograph a bloodstained napkin
Unfashionable and 'bout as rational
as a rational fag's asshole
Now let's take that line, run it up the flag pole with Elton
See if he's cool with it
Don't stand there and look stupid at me, bitch
I ain't in the mood for this shit
Get my dick, Google it 'til it pops up
Ya'll are so motherfucking full of shit that you're stopped up
Me, I'm always shitting diarrhea of the mouth
'Til your speakers crap out fart Ohp, What?
Girl, you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette Chik-Chigarette
But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me
So do not strut my way, slut! Because..
You don't own me
Here we go go go
And now that I got your panties in a bunch
and your bowels in an uproar
Im'ma show you why I came
So you stop asking me what the fuck for
Now look you little slut, cunt, whore I know you want more,
bitch, it's time to put the 'Math' back in the Mathers
'Cause I'm a fucking problem, run boy!
Every flow got it mastered
So every last word that you fucking fags heard
comes straight from the fish's ass, yeah
In other words I'm a bass-turd!
Looking at me like I killed Kenny
Gas in the tank, yeah still plenty
No morals are instilled in me
So remorse I really don't feel any
Eat your heart out, Hannibal
Understandable why you're jealous, fucking animal
I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now, can ya hoe?
Shady, I don't understand your flow.
Understand my flow?
Bitch, I flow like Troy Polamalu's hair, boy.
Don't you dare try to follow or compare, boy.
I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare
stay the fuck outta my hair, boy!
You can look, you can stare and point
But you can't touch -- I'm too clairvoyant.
I don't get it man, is there a void
All this weak shit, what am I steroids?
Well, bitch, I'm back with some shit for that ass
and your trunk, Elephant hemorrhoids
And remember boys
You don't own me
Now here we go go go
Thank you for coming out
Hope you enjoyed the show
'Til next time
ha ha
Peace!
Got a shitty grin, bitch show me them itty-bitty titties again
We're in Sin City, since when did we begin to get addicted to dope
Diggity, bitch, you need to run and go get your friggidy-friends
I'm looking at your bum-stickidy-bum hun
The migidy mac's, bigidy back
Don't act wigidy-wack, you can get the figidy-finger, the middle
You little dizzy bitch, sit spiggidy spin
Got a 6 o' clock craving, stop get Ciroc
It's about to be an unbelievable night
I call it surreal, Sir Mix a Lot tape in
Hit the spot, spot my next victim up
Picky like I missed a spot shaving
Came to sip vodka, shit yeah, that little chick is hot but if she got rabies
I wouldn't give the bitch a shot, I poke her in the rear
But I bet if I lick her, she'll try to chase me (Haha)
What are you pit, rott, mixed oh, you just got fixed well shit then let's lip-lock
If not then trick piss off you snobby little pig snot nose
You think you're hot shit cause you're in heat
Well, bitch, if you're solar
Then I'm your polar opposite dog cause I'm colder than popsicle sticks, poppin' shit
Talkin' it, walkin' it, spit rocks
Then my sick thoughts are about to lick shots
Like this shit's hopping, and drip-dropping in chocolate-ly whip-topping
So whether you're Hip Hop, Slipknot, Big, Pac
Kid Rock, Kris Kross, Rick Ross, you'll dig this
If not then kick rocks in flip flops
And I produced the track
So you don't have to ask who it is when this shit knocks (TURN UP!)
So bring clairvoyance to this bangin and I'm a keep on saying
All the shit I should be hung for, and probably killed for saying
And I probably will, but not until the day I pop a pill again
Like chopping 'til I'm dropping, still if that don't do the job of killing Shady, then the karma will, insane him
I'm as brainy Mohammad until the Parkinson's done eat away my brain
And made me Robin Williams crazy
Or I end up with dementia, but you rocking with a sadist
So you can say this, but if the thought is entertaining
I ain't stopping to explain it
Oh my God, for real man, not again I'm shaking
But before I tie a rope around this nob
If they don't like it, got a knob they can slob on until it's-
Wait I just forgot what I was thinking...
What's it called again? I'm blanking
Something about the balls between my legs and I think I can feel it dangling, it's throbbing and it's veiny
Wait I think I got it, okay bitch I got you, Robin Williams hanging
Let's Go hang in the lobby unless you came to slob me
Come on kemosabe
It's past time, like your favorite hobby
Cause if the way that I spit shit remains on my dick then she grab me by the nuts and tried to take my sausage as a hostage
Ain't it obvious? Pretty much a no brainer, or should I say Cobainer?
That she's plain addicted to my dick like Lorena Bobbit
Got a wean her off it, weiner off it like she took my fucking penis, chopped it, and stuck it up between her armpits
And she begun to swing a crumpet knife and paint the carpet, at least that's what her train of thought is
Cause I came, saw, conquered, hit it, quit it, and made up a plane of bonkers
And I always end up giving these bitches some complex
And I don't mean apartment
So spread your feet apart
And let me see you do some yoga stretches, splits
Now grab this Cuisinart
And make me breakfast, bitch, that's a prerequisite
And that's just to get in this bedroom, bitch
Walked up to that Ke$ha chick (what up?)
Said my names Booger, wanna catch a flick?
I'll even let you pick, make her fetch a stick
Bet you if you get this old dog these new tricks
To get familiar with I'll learn extra quick
Kick a pregnant bitch, oops, I guess the shit
Took an unexpected twist like the neck of the freaking exorcist
Bitch, I said that this mask ain't for hockey
Hate Versace, Versace, I got Münchhausen by proxy
I'm making you sick, don't pretend you can't hear me
You deaf, girl, I said you was foxy
I'll tell a bitch like Bizarre
Bitch, shut the fuck up and get in my car
And suck my fucking dick while I take a shit
And I think with my dick so come blow my mind
And it tastes like humble pie
So swallow my pride, you're lucky just to follow my ride
If I let you run alongside the Humvee
Unless you're Nicki, grab you by the wrist, let's skeet
So what's it gon' be? Put that shit away Iggy
You gon' blow that rape whistle on me
(Scream!) I love it
'Fore I get lost with the gettin' off
Like this is our exit, now let's hit the highway and try not to get lost
'Till we get to Las Vegas
Bridge - Eminem:
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas
'Till we get to Las Vegas
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas
'Till we get to Las Vegas
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas
'Till we get to Las Vegas
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas
Chorus - Eminem:
Whatever happens here, stays here
So let's go all the way dear
Til we get to Las Vegas
Whatever happens in my room, it stays in my room like movie night like cable
Treat every women in my stable like flavors
Looking like she kryptonite and I get weak after like 7 days
In 7 nights in the days Inn it's our Vegas
We roll in circles in packs... we the lifesavers
She got a boyfriend, I got a toy then
I'll bring her with me when I show up to her crib waving
And I ain't tryna be the nice neighbor
I'm so Jay Electronic, I'm cut like I'm all out of razors
And all I got is a gun left with a bayonet on it
Next ho froze and it look like I walked in to a jewelry store
With a about a million dollars with your mama
And sat down n did the ALS challenge, haaaan
I stole that adlib from French, Bad &amp; Evil back at it again
About to get my back tatted again
About to get a pic of a backstabber with an axe in his hand
Sitting on a bike in the sand
If you ain't been through nothing
Then that shouldn't mean nothing to you like lice on a gram
If she current I keep her pussy purring like the pipes on a Lam
Weed got her so chinky eyed
Look like she been getting high on a flight to Japan
I keep my jewelry on while I'm fucking
Sound like I'm shaking up dice in a can
Listen, though this ain't Christmas I make you my ex miss
If this is my passion
I learn to give those who don't appreciate my presence
The gift of my absence
I don't know who you been listening to
Got me fucked up like Pookie in the chicken coop
Bitch, I don't give a two shits
Bitch, get the fuck out of my face
To make a long story short, I don't really gotta stand there
And listen to you while you throw a silly tantrum
Even though I have an affinity for witty banter
Starting to feel like foulplay like Billy Laimbeer
Hold up, she misunderstood me
I said take parvour four
Thought I said the wraith had four doors
I knock a nigga face off
Give him the bottom of the nine like a baseball scoreboard (whatever...)
I leave the club with my tab still open
Won't even get a cab for you and your friend
The only fear I have is of loathing
And I won't even kick in 'till we get to Las Vegas
Bridge
Chorus
old school hip-hop beat tune plays in the background like a radio station
Proof
Yeah soul intent, checking it number one baby this week
You know what I'm sayin'?
This is MC Proof
Head
And DJ Head
Proof
Checkin' in on W.E.G.O.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Ay yo we got the number one requested song, of the DAY coming up next.
It's a local thing wants retilin'
It goes by the name of Eminem
And it's called It's OK
Intro
Yeah! Oh! Get Up! I said get up! Let's go!
Better watch out, now
Here we come (come)
And we ain't stoppin' until
We see the mornin' sun (sun)
So give us room to do our thing
Cause we ain't come to hurt no one (one)
So everybody come on get up on the floor
Right now and grab someone (one)
Now first of all I'm the boss
I just wanna get that across
Man even my Dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a Pinto likes it's a Porsche
Garbage bag for one of the windows
Spray-painted doors with the flames on 'em
Michigan plates and my name's on 'em
Baby, Shady's here come on get him
If you dames want 'em
But he ain't stupid so quit tryin' to run them games on him
He's immune to Cupid, why you tryin' to put your claims on him?
Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb in back try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
We have of just gettin' home, now could I get that lap dance?
She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass man
In the streets of Warren, Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps
Down and show this hussy who's the man
Now, get in, dance!
Chorus
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
It ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better ask somebody
Cause we're havin' a White Trash Party!
Pull a fifth of Bacardi from outta my underwear
And walk around the party without a care
Like a body without a head
Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Livin' Dead
And tomorrow I probably still be too high to get outta bed
Til I feel like I been hit wit the sharp part'a the hammer
Mixin' Hennessey and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta
I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin' Die Santa!
Missed the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders
So quit tryin' ta play the wall like you balling
Get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap, darlin'
Cause as soon as they throw on some R-Kelly I start ballin'
Makin' it rain for the ladies in the mini's
But I'm not throwin' ones, fives, tens, or even twenties
I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at skinnies
Man I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's
From the north, east and west, but when
It comes to them trailers in them South Parks
Muffle it, cause homie that hood's tighter than Kenny's
So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outie
Now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy
C'mon
Chorus
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
If there ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better ask somebody
Cause we're havin' a White Trash Party!
Now whether you're black, white or purple
If you're misunderstood
But you don't give a fuck
You ain't doin' shit that you should
Long as you know you're up to evil
And you're no damn good
Get on the floor, man, and rep your 'hood
Now honey, don't let them pricks trip
We should make a quick dip
And go do some donuts in the hospital parkin' lot
Cause girl I got a sick wip
Kick the back window outta my Gremlin
Put two milk crates in the trunk
Rip out the stick shift and
Make a five seater
I'll be damned if I feed a chick
It ain't like me to split a piece 'a dry pita
I'll be the S-L to the I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y
And I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
I'll rip a tree out the ground
And flip it upside down
'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown
I'll tell ya now
I'm so raw I still need to un-thaw
You feel me, yall?
I shut the club down like Drake in the mall
But baby, a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw
Cold slaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car
Now get up!
Chorus
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody!
Ain't nothin' but a White Trash Party!
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks
If there ain't no one but us trash
You dunno, you better ask somebody
Cause we're havin' a White Trash Party!
Eminem
Yo, speed racer, 97' burgundy Blazer
Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer
I'm on some low ish, 
I'm fed up wit the being broke ish
I'm not to joke wit
Bitch, I don't sell crack, I smoke it
My brains dusted; I'm disgusted at all my habits
Too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets
Loosing battles to wack rappers 'cause I'm always too blunted
Walkin' up in the cypher smokin', talkin' like, Who want it?
Thug and crook; every drug in the book I've done it
My 9's at your frame,is that your chain? Run it
Who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor?
Aggressive nature got me stickin' you for your Progressive pager
Spectacular, battle rap manufacturer
Stole your mom's Acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her
( Right right right ! ! ! ) (( Ding ! ! ! ))
The doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrics 
I'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you, 
and I'ma make sure you come back for it
So barricade your infants, put up some extra fences
A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses ( Ooh )
..Take em' on long vacation trips
Kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships
Mess up your face and lips
Slit your stomach and watch your gut split
Gut you wit that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit ((Laughter))
Mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone
I'm so high, I don't even know what label I'm on
I'm messed up, feelin' like an over worked plumber
I'm sick of the crap, what's Dr. Kevorkian's phone number? ( Ha.. Hot )
Eminem singing
There's an intruder
in my house
He cut my phone-lines
can't dial out
I scream for police
but I doubt
They're gonna hear me
when I shout
rapping
A couple of cocktails will send me to jail
there's a couple of cops hot on my trail
But this time, when I get pulled over
there's a doberman pincher and a pitbull in the seat
these pigs 'll get bit fooling with me
quit fooling with me
Bitch, you're gonna see
No pistol in the seat
why it always gotta be an issue when you're me
and which you're gonna see in the long run
Im'a be the wrong one
you wanna harass with this limo tinted glass
flashing that flash-light on my ass where was you at
last night when them assholes
ran up on my grass
rapper slash actor
kiss the crack on my cracker slashed ass
they took away my right to bear arms
what I'm 'posed to fight with bare palms?
yeah right
they coming with bombs, I'm coming with flare-guns
We as Americans
Chorus
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans
Im'a make buku bucks
wearing buku vests
Drama hanging over my head like a voodoo hex
I could've been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest
but you know who
with an S tattooed to my chest
But I've finessed
Now I got the Industry pissy
ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on fifty it's funny
We got a buzz spreading quicker than making paper-airplanes out of a twenty
Fuck money I don't rap for dead presidents
I'd rather see the president dead
It's never been said
but I set precedents and the standards
and they can't stand it
My name should've been bastard
the shit should've been plastered
on my forehead with a stamp
I should've been blasted
I should've been had a cap pulled in my ass
but I'm too swift and fast
for that, I'm past it
I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot
Fuck that shit
I done seen how fast this rap shit
can turn into some pap-pap shit
that quick
snap click
but this time they got fucking auto-ma-tic
(Jamaican) and no one gon' test this mon
Clack
Chorus
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We as Americans
Us as a citizen
We are Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans
(SSHHH)
I got a secret if you can keep it between us
I tuck two Nina's under my jeans either side of my penis
under my Long Johns
under my Sean Johns
when running with the long arm of the law I'm long gone
Im'a do five years no less than that
no questions asked
it might be a good idea to stop right here
and quit while I'm ahead
already in the red
already got a steady infrared meant for my head
A target on my back
bigger problems than that
Bin Laden on my ass
he probably gone send a task
I ain't gone even ask
they ain't gone let me pack
they ain't gone gimme my semi but I got my Whizz at
We as a Americans
Us as a citizen
Gotta protect ourselves
Look at how shit has been
We better check ourselves
Living up in these streets
Through worse and through better health
Surviving by any means
We are Americans
Us as a citizen
We as Samaritans
What do we get us in
We better check ourselves
Look at how shit has been
Take a look where you live
This is America
And we are Americans
Talking
Guess who? Did you miss me?
Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus!
Chorus
When you walked through the door, it was clear to me (Clear to me!)
You're the one who they adore, who they came to see (Who they came to see!)
You're a rockstar (Baby!)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player!
Who could really blame you? (Who could really blame you?)
We're the ones who made you!
Back by popular demand
Now pop a little Zantax or antacid if you can
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand
How does it feel: Is it fantastic, is it grand?
Well look at all the massive masses in the stands
Shady man, no, don't massacre the fans
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
She stomped him, just 'cause he asked to put his hands
On her massive, gluteus maximus again
Squeeze it and squash it and pass it to a friend
Can he come back as nasty as he can?
Yes he can, Cam, don't ask me this again
He does not mean to lesbian offend
But Lindsay, please come back to seein' men
Samantha's a two, you're practically a ten
I know you want me girl, in fact I see ya grin
Now come in girl!
Chorus
The enforcer, look at the more women to torture
Walk up to the cutest girl and Charlie-horse her
Sorry Portia, but what's Ellen DeGeneres
Have that I don't? Are you tellin' me tenderness?
Well I could be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then
Nail her, maybe say, Hello to my little friend
Brit, forget K-Fed, let's cut out the middleman
Forget him or you'll end up in the hospital again
And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge
Forget them other men, girl pay them little attention
And little did I mention that Jennifer's in love with me John Mayer, so sit on the bench
Man, I swear them other guys you give 'em an inch
They take a mile, they got style, but it isn't Slim
Chorus
And that's why, my love, you never live without
I know you want me girl
'Cause I can see you checkin' me out
And baby, you know, you know you want me too
Don't try to deny it, baby, I'm the only one for you
Damn girl, I'm beginning to sprout then Alfalfa
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out?
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
Never has their been such finesse and nostalgia
Man Cash, I don't mean to mess with ya gal but
Jessica Alba, put a breast in my mouth, bruh
Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers
And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis
Lord help us, he's back and in his pink Alf shirt
Lookin' like someone shrinked his outfit
I think he's bout to flip, Jessica
Rest assured, Superman's here to rescue ya
Can you blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake
Matter fact, make me a birthday cake
With a sawblade in it to make my jailbreak
Baby, I think you just met your soulmate
Now break it down, girl!
Chorus
Bridge
So baby, baby
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, get down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, down, down (Baby!)
Get down, get down
Talking
Oh Amy!
Rehab never looked so good!
I can't wait!
I'm going back!
Haha! Whoo!
Dr. Dre
2020
Yeah!
Intro
Shady, we're back
Nothin' can stop and nothin' can change it
you better just make new living arrangements,
if you think your the top and king of the castle
You about to get thrown off the throne and ripped a new asshole
All I hear is, I'm best at this an I'm best at that,
but I don't hear my name No man brought up in rap
and I don't usually trip or dare get caught up in that
but when they say one of the best, I'm nowhere thought of as that
Not even the same league as Jay-Z
Nas, Pac, Biggie or maybe they'll name me
Somewhere down at the bottom right after AZ
but I ain't never bought no whole CD of Shady
And I all I hear is pop tunes come on the rad-i-o
And they play 'em 20 times in a row daily
And that very well may be the same reason they don't say me
when they speak on hip-hop legends which has amazed me
Cause I thought the formula was to hit mainstream
and make it big-big-big-big-b-baby
So maybe the 80's made me crazy, I been tryin' to get my weight
up since the A Slim Shady gave me the gate key, paid the ways
So lately mind state's get better each day, replay my relay race
when I was chasin' the a fey at 18, 8 years later his voice in Beijing
no choice I chase cream so..
Eminem
Shady, we're back
This is what I eat, sleep, breath an feed my kids whatever I feel my family needs
I treat the mic like the block, fought with my rocks an squeeze critics who expect me to under achieve
I just deal with the hate I receive, I rollin' back my sleeves, ? show other bree with bran wrapped to
his knees?
An tell him suck my dick, take a bow an leave with a sack full of amar cheese, I found it hard to believe
Who the bullet perceive to be G's an claim there runnin' shit, nigga I run me
An as a kid, teacher said I had a mouth on me, that same mouth got me the deal with Dre and E
Folk in the hood asking where I be, dawg I'm out in Hawaii, don't like it drink my pee
Record songs for the Detox LP, feet don't fail heat, niggas got me bent like cranberry and bellvee?
I'm gonna die wealthy, boss of the game, what the fuck they goin' tell me, A-Town's own tre, Aftermath Shady
Eminem
Shady, we're back
Y'all market y'all own block, they see me ???? that, rap game's an old flame my nigga I want 'em back
Like mic check, pimp for what it's worth I got the right knit, sittin' here excited by some shit that
ain't right yet
No regret, live by a cold June, no bot, y'all niggas won't be satisfied 'till I show ??, go out on the
limb with Em 'cause I'm with him, put a barrel to they apparel to you an some of them
Stand a chance at the dance without a bowtie, Shady Records re-introduced you niggas to multi, so
hot, all the light that they given me an the haters like a chauffer because it's have driven me
To a view with a vendetta, I am the epitome, I don't give a fuck about you nigga I'm just livin' me
We the reason for the season so I'm just breezin' through the track, nigga
Eminem
Shady
I can prove I'm here to do somethin' you never do, from hand to hand coke sales for my revenue
I ain't been to a bucks an why I ain't snuck a weapon through, there's no
background reveals a 1-8-7-2, 'till the block I'm the truth, to the cops I'm the proof
And if a nigga's still out there you just gotta shoot, I carry over my street ethics to the booth
In the Shady crime fam, Al Capone in his youth, the difference between me an you, I already done an
lived the street life, niggas run away from it, you follow my life, in the Midwest blunted, pitchfork's
held high, 4 5th by the stomach, you find me right now on the C.A. streets, I'm on the roof of the
building shootin' at police, some of the homies feel opposition can't kill me, I'm gonna walkin' obituary,
death live in me, I take life through the pen by the way I'm see I'll have you raped in the pen, like
American meat
I'm connected gettin' weight, from MS-13 with SK's, AR's an Mini-14's, I'm Ca$his, the last of
the real, were strapped on Prozac B's and E pills, it's the rap, got the block on tip, 2 ???? of crack
I'm in the light dark contract, Shady's back, nigga
Eminem
Shady, we're back
Ha, I told you we was back
Ha ha ha
Chorus:
Put it on my wee wee!
Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange! x4
Got a dick, it's as big as a banana
I try to control it, but I can't.
It's too tough, it's like an AK flip banana.
You better watch out, Hannah Montana!
Man, what's the matter? Have you no manners? (no!)
You know the girl from Juno's address?
Yeah, I'm a prob'ly go to jail for that.
Now I got the cops on my tail for that!
Run up on your car with a stale banana
In your tail pipe, can't believe you fell for that.
It coulda been a Molotov Cocktail for that.
Wait a minute, man! What the hell was that?
I heard a noise, where you goin'? What are you, bananas?!
You can't go back there, stupid ass!
I just seen a woman in a Freddy Krueger mask.
Who the fuck are you, Superman?
All you have is a little stupid can
Of whipped cream what the hell you gonna do with that?
I'm a put it on my wee wee. Ooh, good answer!
A super bonanza extravaganza.
Man, go ahead, what you waitin' for?
You better get them clothes off, baby boy.
Come on! Let's go! We're gonna make a porn!
Ready, set, go! Hit play, record!
Chorus
Are you ready? - You better hold the camera steady.
She's pro'ly back there with a damn machete!
She's pro'ly gonna eat you like canned spaghetti
She's pro'ly gonna kill ya; still wanna check, see?
Have a little quick look? - Go on?
She's pro'ly six foot tall like bigfoot, the hell with that?
We probably should run, don't dare look back!
We probably, probably, probably
There probably was a problem at the post office or something
But you probably didn't know that, did ya?
Now what ya gonna do when she gets ya?
I ain't goin' with ya, forget ya!
Quit tryna hold my hand, mista'!
Pretend she's your little sista'! - Little sista'! ?
Might as well take the whipped cream with ya
And when you see her, make sure you get a picture!
We could try to make another Blair Witch-a - movie
A beastiality porno with smoothies.
Chorus
It's Eerie, but here comes Zack and Miri
The Beauty And The Beast, his back is hairy.
But she don't care, they're attractive, very
Very sexually active, very.
No, Zack! Don't go back in there!
It's too late now, she's grabbin' hair!
He screams: Bloody Mary! - Grabs a mirror
But stop just ain't in her vocabular.
Get off me, please! Get off me, stop!
Ballin' back at a coffee shop.
They go non-stop. - She says: Go!
He says: No!  - She says: Oh!
Back and forth, they scream and shout.
Yeah, boy; let them demons out!
It's the kinda nightmare you dream about
Uh-oh! Now the whipped cream is out.
I get sick thoughts. - Sick, sick, thoughts.
The things you could do with your lipstick gloss.
Put it on my dick 'til the tip looks orange.
Bitch, keep going! - Bitch, keep going!
Chorus
Outro:
Banana...
Banana...
Banana... beat fades out
Banana...
Banana...
Eminem talking
Yeah yeah
Tricky
Let's show 'em some love
Welcome to Detroit
Chorus - Eminem
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome you to Detroit City
I said Welcome to Detroit City
Every place, everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's what's good man they all say Tricky
Click click boom, just as soon as we hit the room
You can hear 'em holla Goon Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Goon Squad in this bitch
Let me hear you holla Runyon Ave. in this bitch
So who am I gonna call on when I ain't got them boys with me
And the situation gets a little sticky
I'ma dial 911 like a motherfuckin' punk, fuck that, bla bla
I'ma call that rude boy from Detroit, Trick Trick
Quick come pick me up, bring them guns
Come to the club, meet me out front
There's some chump up in this bitch
Poppin' some junk cause he's drunk
And we may have to fuck his ass up
Cause uh, somethin' smells a lil' fishy
And I don't like the way his boys keep lookin' at me
So homie come get me, Chedda boys what up though I see you
Rock Bottom, yeah I see you, all my Detroit people
Where you at man, let me see them hands in the sky
Detroit motherfuckers 'till we die
Chorus - Eminem
Where's my gangstas and all my thugs
Throw them hands up and show some love
And I Welcome you to Detroit City
I said Welcome to Detroit City
Every place, everywhere we go
Man we deep everywhere we roll
Ask around and they all know Tricky
That's what's good man they all say Tricky
Homie it's been a long time comin' and I'm straight with that
Marshall call me the fifty ?? and laced the track
This the beat, you hear it bangin', he produced it himself
My bad, almost forgot to introduce myself
My name is Trick Trick, head of the Goon Squad
And gangsta been bangin' the underground since '95, we're bangin'
Elected to be the villain and certified a menace
Holdin' it down since I paroled up outta prison
You heard about me, you just didn't know it was me
All the treacherous, evil deeds of the D you never see
Pickin' that kid up in the game, I just wasn't chasin' the fame
I been chasin' the paper product and givin' lames the pain
Accusations of violence you know you done heard of that
A quarter of a million dollars for beatin' a murder rap
And my boy holdin' me up, Shady done put it out
Trick Trick and Eminem, Detroit back in the house
Chorus - Eminem
Ayo Em, you ever need one of these weapons come get it
From now on every beef that you get in, homie I'm in it
I been ridin' for this city, whether wrong or right
I been whippin' on motherfuckers for the longest time
So it's evident, it's time for Trick to get it fast
The public, see they appreciate my criminal past
Authorities tried to stop me but they couldn't keep up
Got a fan-base that's bigger then an average star
I'm satisfied with it bein' my time to shine
And I freak from the precinct for violent crimes
I ain't sayin' the shit that I'm sayin' so girls can fear me
Only speakin' on what I know so the world can hear me
So peace to Jimmy and Dre for signin' my nigga
He reached back to Detroit and grabbed a winner
So the gangstas and thugs, we embrace with love
And beat the hell outta anybody that fuck with us
Chorus - Eminem
Outro
Yeah, Trick Trick
Eminem, Wonder Boy, Shady
It's goin' down baby
Ayo Em, I got you back my nigga
Damn right I said my nigga
That's my nigga
Tricky
Yeah...
It's my life...
My own words I guess...
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for, turns on you despite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
Daddy look what I made, Dad's gotta go catch a plane
Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't goin' write itself
I'll give you one underdog and you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...
I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're lying
You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine
She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy - no stop it!
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, This'll keep you safe Daddy, take it witcha
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fucking walls must be talking, cause man I can hear 'em
They're saying You've got one more chance to do right - and it's tonight
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em before it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...
Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
Daddy it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
I followed you Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'
You lied to me Dad, and now you make Mommy sad
And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'
That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin
I get the point - fine, me and Mommy are going
But baby wait, it's too late Dad, you made your choice
Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us
That's what they want, they want you Marshall
They keep... screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet ya' you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream Die Shady! and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was
Supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's springing and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...
Curtains closing and sounds of clapping
Introduction:
– I remember... the first time I came here, it's been a rough six years,
And I'm just happy to not be that person anymore and so as my wife.
Thank you for letting me do this.
That's all I have to share right now.
– Is there anyone else who would like to share with us tonight?
Eminem: Uuh yeah.
Eminem: My name is Marshall.
Crowd: Hello Marshall.
Eminem:
Yeah...
It's my life...
My own words I guess...
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for?
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?
When they know they're your heart
And you know you were their armour
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you?
And everything you stand for, turns on you to spite you?
What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
Daddy look what I made, Dad's gotta go catch a plane
Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?
I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gonna write itself
I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby...
Chorus
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...
I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy crying?
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're lying
You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy you're mine
She's piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it
Daddy please, Daddy don't leave, Daddy - no stop it!
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, this'll keep you safe Daddy, take it withcha'
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talking, cuz man I can hear 'em
They're saying You've got one more chance to do right - and it's tonight
Now go out there and show that you love 'em before it's too late
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone, and this spotlight is on
And I'm singing...
Chorus
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...
Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow and thank you all for coming out
They're screaming so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
Daddy it's me, help Mommy, her wrists are bleeding,
But baby we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?
I followed you Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'
You lied to me Dad, and now you make Mommy sad
And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad'
That's all I wanted, I just want to give you this coin
I get the point - fine, me and Mommy are going
But baby wait,
It's too late Dad, you made the choice
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us
That's what they want, they want you Marshall, they keep.. screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another pill
Yeah, I bet you will. You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain and scream die Shady and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's outside swinging, I walk right up to Kim and kiss her
Tell her I miss her, Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister
Almost as if to say..
Chorus/Outro
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thing, So baby don't feel no pain
Just smile back...
Ending:
Eminem: Thank you, thanks for letting me share.
Bizzare:
Echo
Music, reality, sometimes it's hard to tell the difference
But we as entertainers have a responsibility to these kids
Sike!
Eminem:
If I were to die murdered in cold blood tomorrow
Would you feel sorrow or show love
Or would it matter
Can never be the lead-off batter of things
Shit for me to feed off
I'm see-saw battling
But theres way too much at stake for me to be fake
There's too much on my plate
And I came way too far in this game to turn and walk away
And not say what I got to say
What the fuck you take me for? a joke? you smoking crack?
Before I do that, I beg Mariah to take me back
I get up 'for I get down, run myself in the ground, 'for I put some wack shit out
I'm trying-a smack this one out the park, five-thousand mark
You all steady trying to drown the shark
Ain't gonna do nothing but piss me off
Lid to the can of whoop ass, just twist me off
See me leap out, pull the piece out, fuck shooting I'm just trying to knock his teeth out
Fuck with me now, bitch, let's see you freestyle
Talk is cheap, motherfucker if you're really feeling froggish, leap
You're slim, you're gonna let him get away with that?
He tried to play you, you can't let him 'scape with that
Man I hate this crap, this ain't rap,
This is crazy the way we act
When we confuse hip-hop with real life when the music stops
Swift:
There ain't no getting rid of McVeigh
If so you would've tried
The only way I'm leaving this bitch is suicide
I have died clinically, arrived back at my enemy's crib with Hennessey,
Got drunk then I finished he
I'm every niggas favorite arch-enemy.
Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef
I spark willingly with a dillinger in the dark diligently
I'm not what you think
I appear to be fucked up
Mentally endangered
I can't stay away from a razor
I just want my face in a paper
I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight to awake neighbors for acres
I murder you
Danger had me turned into a mad man, son of Sam, bitch, I'm surgical
I'll allergic to dying, you think not? you got balls? We can see how large
When the music stops
Kon Artist:
I was happy having a deal at first,
Thought money would make me happy but
It only made my pain worst,
It hurts when you see your friends turn their back on you dawg
When you ain't got nothing left but your word and your balls
And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends
Beggin' with they hands out
Checking for your record when its selling
When it ain't, that's the end, no laughs
No friends no girl
Just the gin you drink till you car spin you then
Screech
Damn!
Crash
U slam into the wall and you fall
Out the car, trying to crawl with one arm
About to lose it all in a pool of alcohol
If my funeral's tomorrow, wonder if they would even call when the music stops
Kuniva:
Let's see how many of your men loyal,
When I pull up looking for you,
With a pistol sipping on a can of pennzoil
I'm revved up, who said what would lead bust your head would just explode
With red stuff I'm hand cuffed tossed in the paddy wagon
Braggin about how you shot it like a coward, bullets devour you showered you
Niggas, if I was you niggas, I'll run while given the chance
Understand I can enchance the spirit of man
Death itself, it can't hurt me, just the thought of dying alone that really
Irks me, you ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk
Be smart and stop trying to walk how g's walk before we spark
Hug the floor while we plan tug-o-war with your life, fuck the tour and the mic
I'll rather fuck a whore with a knife, deliver that shit the coroner's like
You high hype poppin' shit in broad day light nigga your a gonna at night
When The Music Stops
Proof:
Instigators, turn pits in cages
Let loose and bit the neighbours wrist to razors
You all don't want war, you want talk
In the dark my dogs all bark like woof
Proof nigga I'm a wolf, get your whole roof
Caved in like reindeer hoofs
Stomped the roof shake the floor tiles loose
The more you all breach, the more I moves
This hill street, this is hardcore blues
Put a gun to rap checking all our jewels (nigga)
Or make the news betcha all you all move
When the Uzi pop, you better drop when the music stop
Bizzare:
Music's changed my life in so many ways
Brains confused and fucked since the 5th grade
LL told me to rock the bells
NWA said fuck the police
Now I'm in jail
93 was strictly R&amp;B
Fucked up hair cut
Listen to Jodeci
Michael Jackson, who gonna tell me I ain't Mike
Ass cheeks painted white
Fucking Presilla at night
Flying down sunset smoking crack
Transvestite in the front
Eddi Murphy in the back
MOP had me grindy and griddy
Marilyn Manson, I dyed my hair blue
And grew some titties
Ludacris told me to throw them bowls
Now I'm in the hospital
Broken nose and a fractured elbow
Voices in my head, I'm going in shock,
I'm reaching for the glock but the music stops
Bang
America, hahaha, we love you, how many people are proud to be citizens of this beautiful
Country of ours, the stripes and the stars for the rights that men have died for to protect,
The women and men who have broke their neck's for the freedom of speech the United States
Government has sworn to uphold, or
(Yo', I want everybody to listen to the words of this song) so we're told...
I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see,
So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me, who share the same views
And the same exact beliefs, it's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me, so many lives I
Touch, so much anger aimed, in no particular direction, just sprays and sprays, and straight
Through your radio waves it plays and plays, 'till it stays stuck in your head for days and
Days, who would of thought, standing in this mirror bleachin' my hair, with some peroxide,
Reaching for a t-shirt to wear, that I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this, how
Could I predict my words would have an impact like this, I must've struck a chord, with somebody
Up in the office, cause congress keeps telling me I ain't causin' nuthin' but problems, and now
They're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government, I'm lovin' it, I shoveled shit all my life,
And now I'm dumping it on...
Chorus
White America, I could be one of your kids, white America, little Eric looks just like this,
White America, Erica loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get, white America, I
Could be one of your kids, white America, little Eric looks just like this, white America, Erica
Loves my shit, I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get...
Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself, if they were brown, Shady lose, Shady
Sits on the shelf, but Shady's cute, Shady knew, Shady's dimple's would help, make ladies swoon
Baby, {ooh baby}, look at my sales, let's do the math, if I was black, I would've sold half, I
Ain't have to graduate from Lincoln high school to know that, but I could rap, so fuck school,
I'm too cool to go back, gimme the mic, show me where the fuckin' studio's at, when I was
Underground, no one gave a fuck I was white, no labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was
Like, fuck it, until I met Dre, the only one to look past, gave me a chance, and I lit a fire up
Under his ass, helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got, was probably his in
Exchange for every white fan that he's got, like damn, we just swapped, sittin' back lookin' at
Shit, wow, I'm like my skin is it starting to work to my benefit now, it's...
Chorus
See the problem is, I speak to suburban kids, who otherwise would of never knew these words
Exist, whose mom's probably would of never gave two squirts of piss, 'till I created so much
Motherfuckin' turbulence, straight out the tube, right into your living room I came, and kids
Flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre, that's all it took, and they were instantly hooked
Right in, and they connected with me too because I looked like them, that's why they put my
Lyrics up under this microscope, searchin' with a fine tooth comb, its like this rope, waitin'
To choke, tightening around my throat, watching me while I write this, like I don't like this,
Nope, all I hear is, lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy, sponsors working 'round the clock, to
Try to stop my concerts early, surely hip-hop was never a problem in Harlem, only in Boston,
After it bothered the fathers of daughters starting to blossom, so now I'm catchin' the flack
From these activists when they raggin', actin' like I'm the first rapper to smack a bitch, or
Say faggot, shit, just look at me like I'm your closest pal, the posterchild, the motherfuckin'
Spokesman now for...
Chorus
So to the parents of America, I am the derringer aimed at little Erica, to attack her
Character, the ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns, sent to lead the march right up to
The steps of congress, and piss on the lawns of the White House, to burn the casket and replace
It with a parental advisory sticker, to spit liquor in the faces of in this democracy of
Hypocrisy, fuck you Ms. Cheney, fuck you Tipper Gore, fuck you with the freest of speech this
Divided states of embarrassment will allow me to have, fuck you, vocal melody,
He, hahaha, I'm just playin' America, you know I love you...
I never knew I..
I never knew I..
Mic check one-two
I never knew I..
Who woulda knew?
I never knew I..
Who'da known?
I never knew I..
Fuck would've thought
I never knew I..
Motherfucker comes out
I never knew I..
and sells a couple of million records
I never knew I..
And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling
I never knew I..
Eminem
I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I make fight music, for high school kids
I put lives at risk when I drive like this {*tires screech*}
I put wives at risk with a knife like this (AHHH!!)
Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now
I'm in the back seat of your truck, with duct tape stretched out
Ducked the fuck way down, waitin to straight jump out
put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face, what now?
Oh - you want me to watch my mouth, how?
Take my fuckin eyeballs out, and turn em around?
Look - I'll burn your fuckin house down, circle around
and hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burning furniture out
(Oh my God! Oh my God!) I'm sorry, there must be a mix-up
You want me to fix up lyrics while the President gets his dick sucked?
*ewwww* Fuck that, take drugs, rape sluts
Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up
Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor
Quit tryin to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement
(The kids!) But don't blame me when lil' Eric jumps off of the terrace
You shoulda been watchin him - apparently you ain't parents
Chorus: Eminem
Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch
I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd effect this kid
I never knew I'd, get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd, get him to hit this bitch
Eminem
So who's bringin the guns in this country? (Hmm?)
I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun through customs over in London
And last week, I seen a Schwarzaneggar movie
where he's shootin all sorts of these motherfuckers with a uzi
I sees three little kids, up in the front row,
screamin Go, with their 17-year-old Uncle
I'm like, Guidance - ain't they got the same moms and dads
who got mad when I asked if they liked violence?
And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear
What about the make-up you allow your 12-year-old daughter to wear?
(Hmm?) So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
when his bus driver's screamin at him, fuckin him up worse
(Go sit the fuck down, you little fuckin prick!)
And fuck was the first word I ever learned
up in the third grade, flippin the gym teacher the bird (Look!)
So read up, about how I used to get beat up
peed on, be on free lunch, and change school every 3 months
My life's like kinda what my wife's like (what?)
Fucked up after I beat her fuckin ass every night, Ike
So how much easier would life be
if 19 million motherfuckers grew to be just like me?
Chorus
Eminem
I never knew I.. knew I'd..
have a new house or a new car
A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are
I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I?
Fuck shit ass bitch cunt, shooby-de-doo-wop (what?)
Skibbedy-be-bop, a-Christopher Reeves
Sonny Bono, skis horses and hittin some trees (HEY!)
How many retards'll listen to me
and run up in the school shootin when they're pissed at a
teach-er, her, him, is it you is it them?
Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again!
Damn! How much damage can you do with a pen?
Man I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been
if you woulda been, in my shoes, who woulda thought
Slim Shady would be somethin that you woulda bought
that woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop
I just said it - I ain't know if you'd do it or not
Chorus
Eminem
How the fuck was I supposed to know?
Hook - X Ambassadors:
I'm getting by with my wicked ways
I'm loading up and I'm taking names
I wanna dig my way to hell
I wanna dig my way to hell
Guess I got a way with words, I could get away with murder
Ever heard of Aspergers'? It's a rare condition
It's what you're suffering from
When you simply don't care if it's an
80 degree day and there's no fricken air conditioning
And you can't see the bitch’s hair is frizzing
Cause you got the windows up
Blaring the system in your Chevrolet Prizm
The devil ain't on a level same as him
Picture someone who revels in straight masochism
And imagine him giving an adjective an ass whooping
So bad they should put his ass in prison
A word bully, I verbally abuse verbs
Like they did something to me personally
Used to get bullied, so I'd cut class and ditch it
Now I bully rap, I'm the shit, faggot (sniff it)
Cadillac from a K Car
My ass from a hole in the ground, still can’t tell em a-part
Came straight out the trailer park screaming I'm proud
To shop at K-Mart and it became art
And I'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are
To this day I, still get in fights with the same broad
At the same Walmart arguing over the same cart
In the middle of the aisle whilin'
I don't give a fuck I don't play!
Bitch you think you saw this basket first?
You're ass backwards like motherfucking Bob and Silent Jay
Illest shit you could think I would say
Mind's like a pile of clay
When's the last time that you saw a villain with a cape
Ripped a gaping hole in it
Flipped out, ripped down the drapes
Tied 'em around my neck
Went down the fire escape of the Empire State
Slipped, fell straight down to the ground
Splattered all over the entire state
And straight to hell, got impaled by the gates
Saw Satan, stuck his face in an ashtray
While I sashayed around flames with a match and I gave him the gas face
And this ain't got nothing to do with a scale or being gay little faggot
But by the way, thoughts are getting darker by the day
I'm a combination of Skylar Grey, Tyler the Creator, and Violent J
It's a fuckin' miracle to be this lyrical
Paint my face with clown makeup and a smiley face I'm insane
Every rhyme I say, sons you like an ultra violet ray
I’m selling hatred buffet style, all the shit you can eat
$11.99 so come on and pile a plate
I’m throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise
With the rhyme I’m spittin' while I’m shittin' on competition
In the meantime it’s always mean time
Hook
I’ve been a career asshole
I don’t see why these people always got my back
I done said so much fucked up shit, I was born a mistake
But I was put here not by accident
I had a purpose and that purpose was to beat a beat purplish
Slaughter tracks, I done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit
I’m coming to get that quarter back
Like Ndamukong, the drama can build
Your mama can ask me for my autograph
Cause that cougar's a MILF, she's the oldest trick in the book
But I sure would fall for that
You done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight
When I get on the mic I'mma snap
Make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital
When I overdosed woulda caught a flat
If it makes you sick to your stomach acid
Indigestion, my suggestion’s Kaopectate
If it feels like I'm running away with the game
It's cause I am, don't speculate, spectate
All I got is dick for days and insults for decades
But I get by with my wicked ways
Lady you can suck a dick til your neck aches
Cry til you get puffy eyes, red faced
But I'm leaving on this jet plane
You ain't fly, you're an airhead
And I'm sick of pounding a square peg in a round hole, sorry another catchphrase
But your baggage ain't gonna fit in my storage overhead space
Cause it just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods
Other words don't try to put your heart in a headcase
Cause baby, stable mentally I ain't
I need my meds, I peed my bed
I'm going blind, I don't see my legs
I keep on falling down, no wonder you can't stand me, I need my cane
Someone help me, I think my face is melting
If you felt these migraines and see these maggots eat my brain
This G-I-A-N-T hole in my empty head
If you read my mind, you can see my pain
And you'd see why I be this way
Ever since I was knee high playin' with G.I. Joes
Told these hoes shut their P-I-E holes, now peep my game
Cause I'm 'bout it 'bout it
Like a (like a) fucking (fucking)
Echo (echo)... (Psych) Psycho on a cyclone cycle
Spiraling, here I go, I`m outta control like no
Other mic go, stab you til' the knife goes - dull
I'm nothing but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes
Coz I'mma sock it to you
Dyke ho, you don't like it
Get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle
And ride it like a motorbike
I'm finna blow the mic the whole night so
Strike up the fucking maestro, I'm nitro
And hi ho, hand me my shovel, I'm liable to dig my hole
Deeper, and it's off to H.E double hockey sticks I go
Hook
Outro - Eminem &amp; Ken Kaniff:
Ohh please be empty, please be empty, please be empty
Thank you, God
Bathroom door opening, someone walks in
Shit...
Sounds of pissing and crapping
Is that a girl?
Ken Kaniff singing:
I'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in my mouth
And get my balls blew out, and get gay into the A.M
And lay with 18 guys naked and let myself show, let myself show
- Why do I know that voice?
Buttfuck it, suck it, pull it, tug it
Life's too short to not stroke your bone
- Are you fucking serious?
So everybody, everybody
Circle jerk, touch my body
Doors slam, screaming
Who is that? Where are you going? Come back
Why does everyone always leave me?
Hello? Fuck you then
Loud crapping noise
Blow it out your ass
Intro (Obie Trice)
Obie Trice/Real Name No Gimmicks
2x
two trailer park girls go 'round the outside, 'round the outside, 'round the outside
Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back,
guess who's back,
guess who's back,
guess who's back
guess who's back
Guess who's back...
I've created a monster, 'cause nobody wants to
see Marshall no more they want Shady I'm chopped liver
well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart quicker than a
shock when I get shocked at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not cooperating
when I'm rocking the table while he's operating (hey!)
you waited this long now stop debating 'cause I'm back,
I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job Ms. Cheney but your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be or let me be me so let me see
they tried to shut me down on MTV but it feels so empty without me
So come on dip, bum on your lips fuck that,
cum on your lips and some on your tits and get ready 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits
FUCK YOU, DEBBIE!
Chorus 2x:
Now this looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy,
'Cause it feels so empty without me
Little hellions kids feeling rebellious
embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
they start feeling like prisoners, helpless,
'til someone comes along on a mission and yells bitch
A visionary, vision is scary, could start a revolution, polluting the air waves a rebel
so just let me revel and bask, in the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass
and it's a disaster such a catastrophe for you to see so damn much of my ass you ask for me?
Well I'm back batman sound
fix your bent antennae tune it in and then I'm gonna
enter in and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kids ears and nesting
Testing Attention Please
feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
here's my 10 cents my 2 cents is free
A nuisance, who sent, you sent for me?
Chorus 2x
A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with anybody who's talking this shit, that shit.
Chris Kirkpatrick you can get your ass kicked
worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards, and Moby
you can get stomped by Obie, you 36 year old bald headed fag blow me
You don't know me, you're too old let go it's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil ever since
Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems, everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting, but it's just me I'm just obscene
Though I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley, to do Black Music so selfishly
and use it to get myself wealthy (Hey)
there's a concept that works
20 million other white rappers emerge
but no matter how many fish in the sea it'd be so empty without me
Chorus 2x
(Hum dei dei la la Hum dei dei la la... la la la) 2x
Kids
Chorus - Pink:
You can sound the alarm
you can call out your guards
you can fence in your yard
you can hold all the cards
but I won't back down
oh no I wont back down
oh no
Cadillac Sevilles, Coupe Devilles
brain dead rims yeah stupid wheels
girl I'm too for real
lose your tooth and nails
try to fight it, try to deny it
stupid you will feel
what I do, I do it well
shooting from the hip, yeah boy shoot to kill
half a breath left on my death bed
screaming, F that! yeah super ill
baby what the deal
we can chill, split half a pill and a happy meal
fuck a steak slut
I cut my toes off and step on the receipt before I foot the bill
listen garden tool don't make me introduce you to my power tool
you know the fucking drill
how you douche bags feel knowing you're disposable?
summer's eve Massengill
shady's got the mass appeal baby crank the shit
cause it's your Goddamn jam
you say that you want your punchlines a little more compact
well shawty I'm that man
these other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at man
I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said
settle ya fucking ass down I'm ready for combat, man
get it calm Batman?
nah, ain't nobody whose as bomb and as nuts
lines are like mom's cat scans
cause they fucking go bananas
honey I applaud that ass
swear to God, man, these broads can't dance
ma, show ‘em how it's done
spazz like a God Damn Tas, yeah
Chorus - Pink
Girl, shake that ass like a Donkey with Parkinson's
Make like Michael J Fox in the drawers playin' with a etch-a-sketch
bet you that you'll never guess who's knocking at your door
people hit the floors
yeah tonight ladies you gon get divorced
girl forget remorse, I'ma hit you broads with
Chris's force like you pissed him off
talented with the tongue motherfucker
you ain't gotta lick in yours
hittin' licks like I'm robbin' liquor stores
makin' cash registers shit their draws
think you spit the rawest
I'm an uncooked slab of beef
laying on your kitchen floor
in other words I'm off the meat rack
bring the beat back
bring me two extension chords
I'mma measure my dick shit I need 6 inches more
fuck my dicks big bitch
need I remind you that I don't need the fucking swine flu to be a sick pig?
you're addicted I'm dope
I'm the longest needle around here
need a fix up I'm the big shot
get it dicks snots
you're just small boats little pricks
girl you think that other prick's hot
I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match
‘fore I sit back and let ‘em get hot
better call the cops on ‘em quick fast
shady's right back on your bitch ass
white trash with a half a six pack in his hatchback
trailer hitch attached to the back (dispatch)
Chorus - Pink
Bitch, am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rapping?
does a bird chirp? Lil' Wayne slurps syrup til he burps
and smokes purp
does a word search gets circles wrapped around it like you do when I come through?
I'd like you to remind yourself
of what the fuck I can do when I'm on the mic
or you're the kind of girl that I can take a liking to
psych I'm spiking you like a football
been this way since I've stood a foot tall
you're a good catch with a shitty spouse
got a pretty mouth and a good jaw
gimme good brain
watch the wood grain, don't want no cum stain
bitch, you listening? Tryna' turn me down
slut, I'm talking to you, turn me back up
are you insane tryna talk over me in the car
shut the fuck up while my shit's playin'
I'ma shit stain on the underwear of life
what's the saying? where there's thunder there's lightning
and they say that it never strikes twice in the same place
then how the fuck have I been hit six times
in three different locations
on four separate occasions?
and you can bet your stinking ass
that I've come to smash everything in my path
fork was in the road took the psychopath
poison ivy wouldn't have me thinking rash
so hit the dance floor cutie while I do my duty on this microphone
shake your booty shawty I'm the shit
why you think Proof used to call me Doody?
Chorus - Pink
Yo, yo, yo
This your man Royce Da 5'9
This your dude Crooked I
Man, Jump off Joe Beezy
It's Joell Ortiz
Hook - Joell Ortiz:
Ya'll ready, ya'll ready, y'all ready know, Slaughterhouse
Little niggas get your weight up fuck y'all, pay up
My bars just as slick as my dick and both stay up
Nicer than me, say what? Wait up, straight up
I finish niggas right off the bat like a layup
I seen a lot of come, I seen a lot of go
But y'all know where I'm from, B-R double O
You know the rest pimpin', yeah, I was bred different
Here come pops with the NY bop, you know, the leg limpin'
My ice mug frozen till it's stiff
Grimy nigga, might wanna hold onto your bitch
I got a way with women, I faithfully play with women
Let 'em suck on this bottle and pray that I throw a baby in 'em
I might just throw 'em a gold fronts
Pour up a cup of E &amp; J and light up a dro blunt
I was never soft, never saw me flinchin' when they lettin' off
Never had to retaliate cause I set it off
Hook
Ya'll know my name, bitch, never change up my language
I'm just a rich nigga from a city that's bankrupt
First we take oath
Then I'm pulling turquoise strings in my Lebron corks In Turks and Caicos
I came from wicked chair fame wearin' short sets
I learned that money can't buy happiness
But I decided I'd rather do all my cryin' in the Corvette
Make a dollar, buy a suit
Have a child, and have 'em follow suit
Wavin' that weatherchange things
Make the winter fall, coming through with everything to lose
Taking everything from you know
Let him finish his fall in his draws
And pray that he land on that minute hand in my Hublot
I'm about that Art Of War gospel
That Basquiat Picasso drawing a roscoe
Using the blood of a usual thug who was told die slow
Your money on me, bet it all, you know I'mma set it off
Hook
Let's skip the small talk and get right to the wealth
Truth is I give a fuck, but it's right to myself
Fuck fame, keep the shit I write to myself
If what I do is therapeutic, man, the slightest shit helps
Made angel dust my freshman year
Gave it a try, cool, little did I knew
Had the wrong meaning of high school
Teachers called him a sociopath and a liar
Fuck them, only went to class for the cyphers
Now I'm gettin' bills for
The same thinking they tried to prescribe pills for
They said I needed a wrench, I'm a loose screw
Vital, suicidal, said I would kill mi amour
Wasn't speakin' in French, said I'd let it off
Never know who or what you might get
Main reason they never want me to set it off
You now dealing with four niggas that's never off
All bets off, so nah, you won't be better off
Hook
Jewish tats arm on my arm like a Semitic boss
Egyptian art hanging, uh, that's my Kemetic cross
Slaughterhouse set it off
Even got bitches wavin' our flag, Betsy Ross
Old school Chevy, the head is off
Decapitated Impala
Heavy lack from the weight of the llama
Still bear arms like a shaven koala
How you thinkin' like a faded neurology student
Is prudent when chasin' a dollar
So never mind, a clever rhyme
I'd rather find a better grind, forever times
Sittin' behind me because I'm ahead of mine
In this era I'm livin' outside of the paradigm
I'm comin' outside with a pair of dimes
Sharon and Caroline
Share a line then they share a 9 inch, never mind
I probably shouldn't even keep going
Cause these rappers keep hoein' with their teeth showing
I set it off
Hook
Interlude
Intro
What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough. If you wish to be
saved, not in a religious sense but not to constitute what this country at times calls if or
which over. We seem to be approaching an age of the gross. We all have this idea that we should
move up from our parents station and each generation should do a little bit better.
Come on, let's cut the bullshit enough
Let's get it started, let's start addressing this issue and open it up
Let's take this shit back to basement
And we can discuss statements thats made on this tape
And its whole origin of the music that we all know and love
The music that we all enjoy the music you all accuse me of tryna destroy
Let's rewind it to 89 when I was a boy on the east side of Detroit
Crossing 8 Mile into Warren, into hick territory
I'd like to share a story, this is my story and cant no body tell it for me
You will well inform me, I am well aware that I don't belong here
You've made that perfectly clear, I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere
From Bel-Air shopping center just for stopping in there
From the black side all the way to the white side
OK there's a bright side a day that I might slide
You may call it a past I call it hauling my ass
Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
Oh them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks
Them good old notorious oh well known tracks
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home
I roam the streets so much they call me a drifter
Sometimes I stick up a thumb just to hitch hike
Just to get picked up to get me a lift to 8 mile and Van Dyke
And steal a god damn bike from somebody's backyard
And drop it off at the park that was the half way mark
To meet Kim had to walk back to her mama's on Chalmers after dark
To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's
Thats about the time I first met Proof with Goofy Gary on the steps
At Osbourne handing out some flyers, he was doing some talent shows
At Centerline High, I had told him to stop by and check this out sometime
He looked at me like I'm out my mind shook his head like white boys don't know how to rhyme
I spit out a line and rhymed birthday with first place
And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike
We was on the same shit that Big Daddy Kane shit with compound syllables sound combined
From that day we was down to ride somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home
My first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school
It was cool till your man MC Shan came through
And said that Puma's The Brand 'cause the clan makes troops
It was rumors but man, god damn, they flew
Must've been true because man we done banned they shoes
I had the new ones the Cool J, Ice land swayed too
And we just through them in the trash like they yesterday's news
Guess who came through next, X-clan debut
Professor X vanglorious exists in a state of red, black, and green
With a key sissies now with this being a new trend
We don't fit in crackers is out with Cactus albums
Blackness is in, African symbols and medallions
Represents black power and we ain't know what it meant
Me and my man Howard and Butter, we would go to the mall with 'em
All over our necks like we're showing 'em off not knowing at all
We was being laughed at you ain't even half black
You ain't supposed to have that homie let me grab that
And that Flavor Flave clock we gonna have to snatch that
All I remember is meeting back at Manix's basement
saying how we hate this, how racist but dope the x clan's tape is...
Which reminds me back in 89 me and Kim broke up for the first time
She was tryna two time me and there was this black girl
At our school who thought I was cool cause I rapped so she was kinda eyeing me
And oh the irony guess what her name was ain't even gonna say it plus
The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts and a pair of jugs
The bombest god damn girl in our whole school if I could pull it
Not only would I become more popular but I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time
But it backfired I was supposed to dump her but she dumped me for this black guy
And thats the last I ever seen or heard or spoke to the oh foolish pride girl
But I've heard people say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad
But it was I singled out a whole race and for that apologize
I was wrong cause no matter what color a girl is she's still a hoe
So lets go back
Follow the yellow brick road as we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
I once used to call home sweet home
Hook: Anna
Keep on going, you just gotta fight it
Keep on going cause it's not too late
You can't back down, you can't back down
2x
They ask me am I ok. They ask me if I'm happy
Are they asking me that because of the shit thats been thrown at me
or am I just a little snappy
and they genuinly care
Doody, most of my life its just been me and you there
and I continuosly stare at pictures of you
I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to but I do
yeah I say it now and you can't hear me
what the fuck good does that do me now
but somehow I know you're near me in presence
or I went and drop some presents off to ease it to them
two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their minds a little
and dawg you'll never believe this
but Sharonda actually talks to me now
Jesus and everyone else is just tryna pick up the pieces
man how you touch so many fucking lives and just leave us
they say grievance has a way of affecting everyone different
if its true, how the fuck am I supposed to get over you
difficult as it sounds
Hook: Anna
Keep on going, you just gotta fight it
Keep on going cause it's not too late
You can't back down, you can't back down
2x
Doody, thats what we call eachother
I don't know where it came from but it just stuck with us
we was always brothers
never thought about eachothers skin colours
til one day we was walking up the block in the summer
it was like 90 degrees, I was catching a sun burn
tryna walk under the trees
just to give me some comfort
I'm moaning I just wanna get home
when I look over and his shirt is off
I'm like you gon fry and like
No I wont, I'm black stupid
black people they got melatonin
in their skin, we don't burn
meanwhile, my face is glowing and I felt
like I'm on fire
and the entire time you're just laughing at me
and snapping at me with your shirt, bastard
and I still have to get you back for that shit
and by the way them playboy rings
my mother stole from you
well Nate finally got em back shit
it must have been at least 16 years ago
well I put em in your cask-owww
moving past it, it still aint registered yet
but you can bet you're legacy they'll never forget
the motor city mo-town
hip hop vet, hip hop shop, dreads
it don't stop there
yeah, as difficult as it sounds
Hook: Anna
Keep on going, you just gotta fight it
Keep on going cause it's not too late
You can't back down, you can't back down
2x
and this may sound a little strange but I'mma tell it
I found that jacket that you left at my wedding
and I picked it up to smell it
I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass
and hang up in the hallway so I can always look at it
and as for all of me and D12 we feel like fuck rap
it feels like our General just fucking died in our lap
we shut off all our pages,
all our cell numbers is changed
our two-ways are in the trash
so some cats will have to find a new way
and I know that it feels like the dreams will die with you today
but the truth is there all still here and you ain't
purple gang, you gotta pressing on
don't ever give up the dream dog
I got love for you all
and Doody, it's true you bought people together who never
woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you
you were the peacemaker Doody
I know sometimes you were moody
but you hated confrontation
and truly hated the feuding
but you were down for yours whenever it came to scrapping
if it had to happen, it had to happen
believe me, I know you're the one who taught me to
throw them balls back on Dresden
from making cars to paintballing
getting arrested
to sitting across from eachother in cells laughing and jesting
they tried to hit us for 5 years for that, no question
I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up
didn't show up for court
so we got off on a technicality, left sweating
me, you and whats his face
I forgot his fucking name
shame he even came to your funeral
he betrayed our team
and if I see him again I'ma punch him in the fucking face
and thats on Hallie Jade, Whitney Lane and Alaina's name
I let the pistol bang once just to leak a shot in the air
for you and pour some liquor out for you with Obie in the parking lot of 54
just before we were supposed to get in cars
to come and see you once more
difficult as it sounds
Hook: Anna
Keep on going, you just gotta fight it
Keep on going cause it's not too late
You can't back down, you can't back down
4x
50 Cent Yeah...
Intro: 50 Cent
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
We run it
You know but you acting like you don't know
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
50 Cent
Now homie I say I run it (run it) cause I'm in control
Hypnotic, Hennessey, a couple shots of Patron
I have you feeling aight, I get you high as a kite
Party popping shawty says she coming with me tonight
I ain't shoulder leaning, I ain't snapping and popping
Either I'm bobbin ma head or I'm just standing their watching
I'm a hustler I hustle, you can tell that I'm paid
And I protect what I got, I'm in the house with my blade
Nigga you front you gone get it, OK now maybe I said it
Cause I want you to triddy, yeah I be on that shitty
You should see when I'm stunting, I flash the stones to be wanting
Push the whip, see me rolling, you can tell that I'm holding
I'm just doing ma thang, you know the Units the game
I got my grimy Shady with me you front you gonna have to get me off your ass
I pay the lawsuit and laugh (haha)
It's not a big deal it's nothing but some cash (let's go)
Chorus: 50 Cent
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Eminem
When me and Fif got together to do this music
The more we became enveloped we just developed a fellowship through it
It's no pretend shit, it's friendship, me nemesis is su nemesis
Ain't for him, it's just media, see to them it's just images
But this shit is no gimmicks, this is blood in and blood out
When there's beef you jus' gotta know when to butt in and butt out
If there's a problem we solve it, if we don't resolve it
It usually just evolves into one big brawl and we all get involved in it
We should all get a merit, this much beef we inherit
And wear it like a badge with honor, pass it around and share it
And let it go to whoever's holding the most current beef on their shoulders
And their soldiers got their backs 'til it's over
But tonight, we ain't coming here to beef with nobody
We came to party, Banks, Cashis and Mr. Ferrari
So it's Shady Aftermizat back in that ass, you wizzass
Come hizzon what kinda fuzukin quizition is that
Chorus: 50 Cent, Eminem
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
I say you know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo' sho'
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Ca$his
Pistol play ricochet, see where the victim lay
Slumped over bleeding J.F.K
Hays K to your chest plate cave
I ride to the death, do you rep that way?
Forever ima be a Shady 7-4 gangsta
Plus I survive everything you got in that chamber
I thrive off of danger, jumping in all beef
You keep talking shit now the squad called me
Lloyd Banks
Enough holding back the steam, Em let off a magazine
Dappadon Cappa queen mixed in with Cashis creams
Started off with half a dream, developed into what you see
Telling ain't my cup of tea, can't tell I'm a fucking G
I'm on automatic when I'm at it, start static
And you splattered, shit shattered, I'm a walking bitch magnet
Spit it how I live it, live it all the way to the limit
And I'm always on my pivot for my digits, you dig it?
Chorus: 50 Cent
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo sho
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
You know, you acting like you don't know
I tear the club up fo sho
This flow is gon' bring mo dough
And you know but you acting like you don't know
Who run it?
Tony Yayo
You know who this is
Shady, G-Unit, Aftermath
Lloyd Bands, Cashis, Marshall Mathers, Ferrari F-50
It's a movement, you can't stop it
Talk of New York, Tony Yayo...
Chorus:
The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (about you)
You may be gone but you're never over
If Proof could see me now I know he'd be proud
Somewhere in me deep down there's something in me he found
That made him believe in me now no one can beat me now
You try it'll be them doors on Dre's fans believe me clowns
That means suicide homie you'll never throw me
Off of this course blow me
Bitch I do this all for the sport only
But I want it all I'm not just talking awards homie
And the balls in my court and it's lonely
On top of the world when you're the only
One with the balls in your shorts
To leave their jaws on the floors with no re
Morse remember that when they get to dogging you boy homie
So ya all can just get to blogging about bologna I'm not gonna stop the saga continues
No stopping the force Obi
I'm mopping the floors with em
I keep trying to pass it but they keep on dropping the torch and it won't be long til this sport is O-V-E-R
just Blaze and me we are knocking on doors and no we
Ain't pumpkins on Halloween but we'll show up on your porch so be
Careful what you say there ain't no punks over here so follow me
Through the fog like I'm S-N double O-P
Let me guide you through the smoke G
If only I wasn't travelling down this road by my lonely
No one who knew me like you will ever know me
I don't think you understand how much you meant to me
Chorus:
The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (about you)
You may be gone but you're never over
Bridge:
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And I miss you oh
I just miss you oh
I just miss you oh
Homie I'll never forget you no
For you I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life
So sick it'll blow up the mic It'll put the dyna in mite
Yeah it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit himself
Tap dancing all over the beat it'll jump off the page and spit itself
Guess that the best thing I could do right now Doody for you is to rap
So I'm gonna fuck 'til I die yeah I'm a do it to death
And instead of mourning your death I'd rather celebrate your life
Elevate to new heights step on the gas and accelerate I'm a need 2 mics
Cause the way that I'm feeling tonight everything I can just do right
There's nothing that I can do wrong I'm too strong and I'm just too hyped
Just finish the rhyme and bust it excuse this corny metaphor
But they'll never ketchup to all this energy that I've mustard
So God just help me out while I fight through this grieving process
Trying to process this loss is making me nauseous
But this depression ain't taking me hostage
I've been patiently watching this game pacing these hallways
You had faith in me always
Proof you knew I'd come out of this slump rise from these ashes
Come right back on they asses and go Mike Tyson on these bastards
And I'm a show em blow em out the water slaughter em homes
I'm a own so many belts the only place they can hit me is below em
Homie I know I'm never gonna be the same without you
I never would've came in this game I'm going insane without you
Matter of fact it was just the other night had another dream about you
You told me to get up I got up I spread my wings and I flew
You gave me a reason to fight I was on my way to see you
You told me nah Doody you're not laying on that table I knew
I was gonna make it soon as you said think of Hailie I knew
There wasn't no way that I was gonna ever leave them babies and Proof
Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you
Lord I'm so thankful, please don't think that I don't feel grateful, I do
Just grant me the strength that I need for one more day to get through
So homie this is your song I dedicate this to you
I love you Doody
Chorus:
The days are cold living without you (without you)
The nights are long I'm growing older
I miss the days of old thinking about you (about you)
You may be gone but you're never over
Bridge:
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And it don't stop oh
And it don't quit oh
And I miss you oh
I just miss you oh
I just miss you oh
Homie I'll never forget you no
