B.I.G.
1970 Somethin' nigga I don't sweat the date my moms was late,
So I had to plan my escape, out the skins,
In this world the fly girls, tangeray and hennesey,
Untill I call earl, 10 months in this gut, what the fuck,
I wish moms would hurry up, so I can get buck wild,
Juvenile with the mics n shit, New York New York, ready for the likes of this,
Then came the worst date, May 21st 2:19 was when my moma water burst,
No spouse in the house, so she rolled herself,
To the hospital, to see if she could get a little help,
Umbilical cords wrapped around my neck,
Im seein' my death, and I ain't even took my first step,
I made it out im bringin' mad joy,
The doctor looked and said he's gonna be BAD BOY!
Faith Evans
I remmember back in time, before all the homies died, before all the dollars and nines, I knew that I was
Goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time, before I even got the rhyme, before I had nickels and
Dimes, I knew that I was goin' somewhere,
The Game
Would 'Pac be alive, if you let 'Pac drive?
With the right I visualized, the king of bed-stuy,
Checkin his daughter tianna into junior high,
If I was in brooklyn, and B.I. was still alive,in 2006 it might sound like this,
N.Y. 718 212, where sue's rendevouz,
Its like moulin rouge,
High fashion, up town air force ones,
And vasquez, puerto ricans with fat asses
Lace dutch masters, we dump ashes, on models and S classes,
For you bastards, catch a cab to manhattan,
With that broadway actin', u hype that belly shit,
Would u get u capped, and wrapped in plastic,
Tell the captain, ask Roge was happennin',
Out here nor speak no evil, inside the Magnum
Faith Evans
I remmember back in time, before all the homies died, before all the dollars and nines, I knew that I was
Goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time,
B.I.G.
Now I'm 13 smokin' blunts, makin' green,
Or on the drug scene, fuck the football team,
Risk it, ruptured spleens, by the age of 16,
Hearin' the coach scream, make my lifetime dream,
I mean, I wanna blow up, stack my doe up,
So school I didn't show up, and fuck my flow up,
Mom said that I should grow up, and check myself,
Before I wreck myself, disrespect myself,
Put the drugs on the shelf, naww! I couldn't see it,
Scarface king of New York, I wanna be it,
Rap was secondary, money was necessary,
Until I got incarcerated, kinda scary,
C74 mark 8, set me straight, not able to move behind a great steel gate,
Time to contemplate, damn were did I fail,
All the money I stacked, was all the money for bail,
Faith Evans
I remmember back in time, before all the homies died, before all the dollars and nines, I knew that I was
Goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time, before I even got the rhyme, before I had nickels and
Dimes, I knew that I was goin' somewhere,
Biggie  Yeah... fuck you
Lil Kim Fuck you too!
B.I.G.  Fuck you bitch
Lil Kim Fuck you motherfucker
B.I.G.  You ain't shit anyway, fuck you
Lil Kim You ain't shit, you fat motherfucker
B.I.G.  Yeah, whatever whatever
Lil Kim Whatever
B.I.G.  You wasn't saying that when you was sucking my dick
Lil Kim You wasn't saying that when you was eating my pussy!
You a nasty motherfucker!
B.I.G.  Check it, uhh
Lil Kim Crab ass
Chorus One: B.I.G.
What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue?
You cut that hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life
Uh-huh, uhh, uhh
I know he don't treat you like I treat you
Time to explain the game you see through
Sex is lethal, I ain't gonna lie
Means to get ya back, I ain't gonna try
Like this you all, my girl sucked another nigga dick y'all
Light skinned with the chrome out six y'all
Thought they was creeping, two trips to V-A every third weekend
While you was sleeping, he hit you on the box
Sixty-nine go non-stop
Should've left ya then, but my heart said not
You knew too much, the relationship grew too much
You knew about the crack vials, means to be trialed
Way I hid dough under the bathroom towel
Waited for a while, thought you was my right thing
Then things got frightening
Peep the scene, sorta like Sam Rosten
Guess you ginger, huh, go figure
Never thought you could be a gold digger
Take my dough and spend with the next nigga
Asked my man Trigga, my ace boom coon
Told me cut the bitch off 'fore the shit balloon
Now I'm like Brandy, Sittin In My Room
Pissy drunk listening to Stylistic tunes
Or the O-Jays, thinkin bout the old days
My nigga's like, fuck that bitch, go play
Baller, did she beep you?  Don't call her
Guess who I seen, that freak bitch Paula
She was asking bout ya whereabouts
Here's the digits, I know you can wear that out
Tear that out the frame, ya game so tight
You'll be all fucking night
Chorus Two: Lil Kim
What do ya do when your man is untrue?
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new?
I need another man, in my life
Mmm, uhhh, uhhh!
Member when you said you would die for me, shit
All of that was just lies to me
Motherfucker should've never said bye to me
Now you cry for me, like Jodeci
It's like that y'all, my nigga hit another bitch from the back y'all
Black nasty and matter fact you all
Should've seen the hoe, nigga pack ya shit
You out the door, oh
What about the fight in the Mirage?
I seen ya Benz, parked outside my sister's garage
Said it was ya friend Rog, bullshit
I ain't gonna keep puttin up wit the bullshit
And still I, never sweat these bitches
Who be hanged like plaques on the wall and ya pictures
Scaling fishes, my love is concrete
Stashin ya heat in the passenger seat
of the Nautica Jeep, we've been down for so long
Still a bitch like me trying to hold on
Teary eyed, damn a bitch steaming
Girls steady screaming, 'Kim you need to leave him!'
When I testified in court, couldn't think straight
thinkin bout the bitches I fought
over you, nigga half the shit you bought
And fuck you, moving is my last resort
You see nine outta ten niggas, ain't shit
One outta five niggas suck a dick
Ya mad at me, too bad she ain't as bad as me
Could've kept the freak bitch off my canape
Now you see, ain't no pussy warm as mine
Long as mine, ain't no love as strong as this
When I sucked ya dick, it's like smocking a roach
Uhh, I go from first class to coach
Chorus One, Chorus Two, Chorus One, Chorus Two
Yo
C-Gutta where you at?
D Rockafella
Caesar Leo Degenero
Bled C
Money SL
Uhh...
B.I.G. is making this cream
Bitches always say what the hell does that mean?
B is for the bitches, who can't understand
How one fly nigga became a man
I is for the way it goes in and out
One by one I knocks em out
G is for the way the game goes in the gutter
Other MC's man they ain't sayin nuthin
Rockin on, to the break of dawn
Make the bitch give the pussy get the mouth I'm gone
What?
It ain't no more to it
Jamaican host
Ladies and Gentlemen
We're gonna ask you for some fanfare...the band fanfare because...ladies and gentlemen...sting has always gone ahead of itself.
They have done it again and again and again.
I remember the year they brought in the fat boys they were hotter then ten thousand fire sides.
And if you know...and if you enjoy hip-hop...if you want one of the coldest brothaz out of North America...a brotha that gave you a song like
Juicy...
Bigge Uh-huh...
Jamaican Host
You hear a crew in Jamaica with something that goes like this
Who the heck is this
Paging me in the morning
At the crack of dawning
Bigge Yeauh! 
Jamaican Host
Please welcome...for the first time...in Sting 96...Please welcome (welcome...welcome)
The Notorious....the Notorious...B.I.G...AKA bigge!
Biggie
We here (uh-huh)
We ain't goin nowhere (uh-uhh)
Diddy
Yall motherfuckers don't know what beef is
Biggie
Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre
Rapper style used by me, the B.I.G. (b.i.g.)
I put my key you put your key in, money we'll be seein (c'mon)
Will reach the fuckin ceiling, check it (check it)
My Calico been cocked, this rap Alfred Hitchcock
Drop top notch playa hating won't stop (uhh)
This instant, rappers too persistant
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit
Make my name taste like ass when you speak it, (yeah)
See me in the street your jewelry you can keep it, (keep it)
That'll be our little secret, (shhh)
See me, B that is, I that is, G whiz
Motherfuckers still in my biz (c'mon)
Hope they know my nigga Gutter fuckin kidnip kids (thats right)
Fuck 'em in the ass, throw 'em over the bridge (aaah)
That's how it is, my shit is laid out (laid out)
Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out (played out)
Y'all got to go, all I make is one phone call
All y'all dissapear by tomorrow (tomorrow)
All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow (no sorrow)
Actually, your man passed the gat to me, now check this (talk to em)
Biggie (chorus)
What's beef?  Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you, guaranteed to be an ICU, one more time
What's beef?  Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep
Beef is when I see you guaranteed to be a ICU, check it
Havoc
I done clapped at the best of them
Been caused the death of them
These dudes don't want no more, shit is affecting them
Tops popped off, them niggaz from the bridge
Just be, wildlin' on you line that red dot on you, (take that)
Dont know or warn you, catch them all hogged up
Sober that ass up with clips, the ratchet spit
Number one with the buddhaka, henny-sour diesel
Ain't no tellin what I do to ya
It's obvious ma you ain't fucking keep it moving ma
Prodigy
Pow, pow, pow, pow, pow they shot 'em in their cars
I wish I was there, I would of shot back all em'
They fire return fire put it right back on em'
Sacrafice myself for you no problem, (no problem)
In the flames I burn for my niggaz thats gone
And the niggaz that took the hits on my niggaz you been warned
P's not the one, Hav not the one
You try to run up on us
We already bustin' the guns
chorus
Biggie
They'll be nothin but smooth sailing (talk to em)
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailing (yall don't know what beef is)
All I got is heat and tough talk for you
Tie you up, cut your balls off just for you
Man this is straight torture, look what that slick shit bought ya (c'mon)
A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Cristopher (yea, chris)
Watch me set it off like Vivica (c'mon thats right)
Here lies your demise, close your eyes (close your eyes)
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
Pale blue hands get cold, your soul's risen (damn)
It's bad cause I just begun
What make the shit real bad I was havin fun (hahaha)
chorus
Diddy
Attention MCs........Attention MCs
Beef doesnt happen on records
Beef does not happen on records
You don't know what beef is, (you don't know what beef is)
You don't want no beef you fuckin fake studio ass gangsta
rapping motherfuckers!, (c'mon man)
Fuck outta here!, (fuck outta here)
Beef is B.I.G. not being here, (b.i.g. we miss you)
Beef is your love ones not being here, (we miss you)
Beef is every so-called ghetto superstar that rose
to the top and dropped just as quickly, (thats beef)
On some bullshit
What's beef 2006?
What's beef (that's beef)
Yall motherfuckers don't know what beef is, (that's beef)
Fuck all yall (bitches)
Bad Boy Bitch we still here
Too $hort
Beeotch!
Talk about these hoes Big..
Notorious B.I.G.
I got a bitch that suck my dick til I nut
Spit it on my gut and slurp that shit back up
Ain't that a slut (HELL YEA) she even take it in the butt
Fuck for bout a hour, now she want a golden shower
You didn't know that we be pissin on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH)
Luke and Biggie straight shittin on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH)
Lick your toes, bitch? (BEOTCH) Fuck no, you must be crazy
Squirt in your face and then I'm Swayze (bitch)
Recognize G, straight up, I can't knock ya
After Big Poppa, fuck ALL of Junior M.A.F.I.A.
The whole clique, dick sucked, ass licked
Leave your number by the phone, bring yo' ass on home
I roam in Lexuses and Benzes, the fly way
With the flyest bitch gettin head on the highway (ridin)
My way deep throat on Luke's boat
When the moon rises, I'm cumin in her eyes-es (do it)
Just the way players play
Leave it up to me, I get fucked all day (yeah)
Sucked all day, smokin blunts, countin cheese
Fucking bitches til they assholes bleed
What you say ba-by
Chorus: Too $hort, Biggie (repeat 2X)
$hort	All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
B.I.G	Check it out, here's another one
$hort	All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Don't take em to the crib unless they bonin
Notorious B.I.G.
Uhh.. uhh..
Biggie bag bitches from barbecues to barmitzvah's
The dick don't fit, use your lips cause.. (use em)
I'm feelin kinda itchy for a quickie
Don't take off your coat, all you got to do is lick me
Me eat you, I beat you, then greet you to the door bitch
Cause I don't love you no more
Which one of these hoes in the lobby wanna slob me
You know me, I like my dick Brown like Bobby
Jim Duke shoot, then the bitch get the boot
unless she lick ass and blow dicks like flutes
I like em cute, round tits and fat asses
Educated, so I can bust off on they glasses
I wanna cum on your tongue and gums, all night
The bitch drink nuts by the pint
Too $hort
Drink it bitch!
All of these hoes do that shit
Chorus
Too $hort
It's after midnight, it's time to come up
Fuckin with some sluts tryin to bust a nut
I ain't seen this many hoes in a long time
I wanna make em all mine (get down hoe)
but it's gettin kinda late, and I cain't wait
Bitch fuck a first date
I pulled out my dick, she called me rude..
.. but then she ate it like food (tramp)
Then she noticed the limp and the whip
Recognize game, you've been pimped by a pimp
Throw all that trick shit, out the window
You come up short tryin to doubt the pimp hoe
Too $hort baby, straight from Oakland
Hoe money is my fix and I can't be broken
Freak bitches all on my dick
We on some Brooklyn - Oakland, California shit (beotch!)
Chorus
Too $hort
You knew I was a dog when you met me bitch (BITCH)
Ha ha, fo' sho' (YEAHH)
Tell you anything you wanna hear right about now
To the spot, that's where we goin baby
See we goin to the spot
Do our thang like we always do
You ain't know?
Intro
Uh, uh, check it out
Junior M.A.F.I.A., uh, um
I like this, yeah
Uh, yeah, 94' keep banging
To all the ladies in the place with style and grace
Allow me to lace these lyrical douches in your bushes
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mommies?
The back of the club, sipping Moët, is where you'll find me
The back of the club, mackin hoes, my crew's behind me
Mad question asking, blunt passing, music blasting
But I just can't quit
Because one of these honies Biggie got to creep with
Sleep with, keep the EP a secret. Why not?
Why blow up my spot 'cause we both got hot
Now check it, I got more Mack than Craig and in the bed
Believe me, sweety, I got enough to feed the needy
No need to be greedy. I got mad friends with Benzs
C-notes by the layers, true fucking players
Jump in the Rover and come over
Tell your friends jump in the GS3,
I got the chronic by the tree
Chorus by The Notorious B.I.G.
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
Throw your hands in the air, if you's a true player
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
To the honies getting money playing niggaz like dummies
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
If you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place! Why?
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be having my baby
Baby
Straight up, honey. Really, I'm asking
Most of these niggaz think they be mackin but they be acting
Who they attracting with that line, What's your name, what's your sign?
Soon as he buy that wine I just creep up from behind
And ask what your interests are, who you be with,
Things to make you smile, what numbers to dial.
You gon' be here for a while, I'm gon' go call my crew
You go call your crew
We can rendezvous at the bar around two
Plans to leave, throw the keys to Lil Cease
Pull the truck up, front, and roll up the next blunt
So we can steam on the way to the telly go fill my belly
A t-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape
Conversate for a few, 'cause in a few, we gon' do
What we came to do, ain't that right, boo. True
Forget the telly, we just go to the crib
And watch a movie in the Jacuzzi, smoke Ls while you do me
Chorus by The Notorious B.I.G.
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
Throw your hands in the air, if you's a true player
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
To the honies getting money playing niggaz like dummies
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
If you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place! Why?
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be having my baby
Baby
How ya living Biggie Smallz?
In mansion and Benzs
Giving ends to my friends and it feels stupendous
Tremendous cream, fuck a dollar and a dream
Still tote gats strapped with infrared beams. What?
Chopping Os, smoking lye and Optimos
Money hoes and clothes all a nigga knows
A foolish pleasure, whatever
I had to find the buried treasure, so grams I had to measure
However living better now, Gucci sweater now
Drop top BMs I'm the man girlfriend
Honey, check it, check it
Tell your friends, to get with my friends, your friends
And we can be friends
Shit, we can do this every weekend. That's right
Aight? Is that aight with you?
Yeah... keep banging
Chorus by The Notorious B.I.G.
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
Throw your hands in the air, if you's a true player
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
To the honies getting money playing niggaz like dummies
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
If you got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place! Why?
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be having my baby
Baby
Biggie Ad libin'
Uh, check it out,
My full shit, for that ass,
Uh, Puff Daddy, Biggie Smalls, 
Junior M.A.F.I.A., represent baby bay-bay!
Uh!
Lil' Cease
Queen Bee, and Notorious B.I.G. nigga
The best that ever lived, the best that ever did it
The best that ever lived it
Cocksuckers, What's his name, huh?
That's how we do it ya'll
To all my niggaz in the house
Bad Boy, Who we die for
All day, everyday nigga
For the love of BIG, we bang out
Since my man died, we don't hang out
We blow brains out, we tear the club up pullin things out
Mafia World, all my niggaz max out
We Bad Boys, why ya'll niggaz cracked out
Coward niggaz, most are burried down south
Far from gangstas, really hush puppies
Niggaz bearly speak when we discuss money
Niggaz stay yappin when there's always somethin funny
The realest niggaz never took nuthin from me
Rock ice, stay jig, fuck with niggaz that got drunk, and hate kids
Got niggaz on state bids, that hate movies like Rosewood and Matrix
A yo, Biggie taught me well, Biggie told me how to flip bricks like cartwheel
Chorus: Lil' Cease &amp; Notorious B.I.G.
Lil' Cease
To all my thugs who puffed him
To all my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name..
I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees
Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for..
Mafia
Notorious B.I.G.
Representin Bucktown
Mack 11's cocked back, niggaz better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream
Earings, you know the drama Biggie bring
For BIG I learn to grip aim and cock it
Once I got it, I lock it
Banger, big city boy with deep pockets
See me speak, that paper better be the topic
I like my ice frozen like the Antartic
I'm quick to finish it, your good to start it
And with the flashy colors on, you just a target, Waitin for a hard hit
I like marine blue, marine green, roll with a mean team
Meshed out, fresh out, and stay greams
We big boys, we do big things, born in this county of kings
I ain't got shit, I spread things, take things
Fuck whenever my mood swings, from the summer for the winter to the spring
My nigga ill's holdin it down for the beam
Like BIG said, we do the real things, we still bubble and steal chains
Still tustle, still struggle, we feel pain
Still ride, still die for BIG's name
chorus
For BIG I grip the cig, put six in your wig
Not cause of what he said, cause of what he did
When I hear that pop quiz, that's the way I was raised and thats the way it is for..
We roll like the Panthers, show our guns on camera
Do jokes with police scanners, niggaz mediocre, full of dirt like hampers
I roll with a bunch of niggaz that wear bandanas and rep...
We kept it thurough, from the heart ripped the barrel
B.K. style, see BIG howl, now
Lets see who, wanna go against Mafia world
Niggaz nuthin but squirels, they know we rep...
Niggaz tryin to get a nut, hit in the head or below the gut
Wood style roll'em up, get plucked, nigga what
Go back to spend a ton, and know cats wit gold tooths
Know my gat and bust for my nigga...
chorus
Lil' Kim
Now when I cock back and squeeze, my Desert E'z
Make you drop to your knees, barly able to breathe
My bullets move in threes, one for Brook-lyn
One for Mafia so take that, Uh, and this one's for...
You know Frank kept me iced out
Mink dragon, seven figures in my bank account
All that material shit, ya'll still tryin to get it
Uh, you fuckin pricks, get off his dick tryin to be like...
All ya'll lame ass niggas keep my man name out your mouth
Or get this shit right, check it, it's the B-I, double G-I, E
Ya'll niggaz can't see Poppa, nor the Big Moma
Who you love... for the Y2G, the two ten
We got it sewn, we don't need ya'll help, we hold our own
Cause this goes out to cats not tryin to give it up
BIG missin us, shout him out...
chorus
chorus into fade
T.I.
Hey wut it is pimpin, Slim Thug n T.I.P. doing it B.I.G wit B.I.G (ye a ye yea..) yall understand wut im sayin (heyy..) PSC pimpin, yall already kno wut
It is man, its a bad boy thang man, grand hustle collaboration, yall already kno man, boss hog wus happenin (heyy..) A town pimpin
Slim Thug
Slim Thugga..
I roll scrap glock 40 in my left
I rap but still think like im grindin in the trep
Trynna dept to the change from the streets to the game
Cant be selling cds n still selling dem thangs
Cause bitches drop names n bring alot of piorblems
N puttin somthing in dey head the only way u gona solve em
Jack a stay plottin watchin ur every move
N the minute u snooxe will be the minute u lose, dude
Das the rules so I jcruise wit the 2's
To fix the damn fools dat think im slippin wit my juice
Breakin old habits so hard to do
Das y u see me on the same block wit the same crew
N everybody sitting fat living good
N im the only nigga dat be rappin in my hood
I was raise by the hustlas n gain by the g's n taught by the bosses howda stack that cheese
T.I.
U got rich n g shits still a part of u cause breakin old habits so hard to do
U still watch for da haters n the rugged crew cause breakin old habits so hard to do
When I was shot dat nigga like I started to cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Fresh out da dealership crackin up wit cigarsin the coup man cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Notorious BIG
Damn it feel good to see people up on it flip 2 keys in 2 weeks n didnt flawlet
My brain is haunted wit mean dreams gs's wit bb's on it, supreme skeems to get richer the Richie quickly
Niggas wanna hit me if they get me dress my body in linen by Armani
Check it, my lyrical carjack make ur brun splat high callable gacks is all I fuck wit now keep the rough shit
In my circumfrence mad bitches, wit mad noochies bulletproof vestes under they coochies spitting my oozie dont lose me,
My trigger niggas represent driving dirty in jay 30 getting bent
Until my hit hos my murder mamis
I b smoking trees in Belize when they find me while u still killing niggas wit my lali like cami and cyber supres cypress fucking roy on the floor wit
The finest
While I just slip coke smoke pounds of chope got lawyers watchin lawyers so I wont go broke now check it, dem country niggas call me frank white im
Spurtin off in my lawf of cousrse I kno my shits tight, suprise open my eyes still suprise got my shorty flying in wit keys taped to her thys wit lovely
Utincils suhen my suhen my china thing she half black half orientak 86 she got me rentals
T.I.
U got rich n g shits still a part of u cause breakin old habits so hard to do
U still watch for da haters n the rugged crew cause breakin old habits so hard to do
When I was shot dat nigga like I started to cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Fresh out da dealership crackin up wit cigarsin the coup man cause breakin old habits so hard to do
T.I.
I use to drive a chevy monte carlo bricks n blow all in it
I was taught to sell dis shit u putcho nose all in it
Let my bitch drive da benz but dem roads off limit
N how u call urself pimpin wit hos all in ur bidness
Wut it is the music bidness of the streets make the decision
I do dis in my sleep n u way outcho division pimpn
Dis game we play fo keeps n da rules remain hiddn
Dis aint a place fo laying da snitchin shit is forbidn
I was sittin in da kitchen n weepin wit hopes of getting back
All dat I forget to go blow see even 50 stacks
N now am sittin back thinkin bout the time
When a nigga get a 100gs think he went down
When I look for loyalty  in the game it ain't fair
N thangs aint da same they change it aint fair
Real niggas there doin dey time n aint here
U commit da same crime come home da same year
T.I.
U got rich n g shits still a part of u cause breakin old habits so hard to do
U still watch for da haters n the rugged crew cause breakin old habits so hard to do
When I was shot dat nigga like I started to cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Fresh out da dealership crackin up wit cigarsin the coup man cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Intro: Santogold
BROOKLYN!!! BROOKLYN!!! BROOKLYN!!! BROOKLYN!!!
BROOKLYN!!! WE GO HARD!!! WE GO HARD!!!!
Chorus: Santogold
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
This is black hoodie rap, there's no fear in my eyes where they lookin at
Better look on map, Besides, mi nah like to eye fight
Mi nah think such a ting is worth a man's life (CHRIST!!!)
But if a man test my Stuy, I promise he won't like my reply
Boom Bye Bye like Buju I'm crucial
I'm a Brooklyn boy I may take some gettin use to
Chain snatchin, ain't have it, gotta get it
Same shitted, from Brownsville to Bainbrididge
Fatherless child, mama put double shifts
So the number runners was the only one I hanged widith
Before you know it I'm in the game, bang fidith
Fit no orangutans piddeals ciddaps like orange's I'm dangerous
PLEASE!!! Tell me what the name of this is
Chorus: Santogold (Jay-Z &amp; Santogold)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (B-R-O-O-K!!!)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (L-Y-N!! COME AGAIN!!!)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (B-R-O-O-K!!!)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (L-Y-N!! COME AGAIN!!!)
I father, I Brooklyn Dodger them
I Jack, I Rob, I sin
Awww man, I'm Jackie Robinson
Except when I run base, I dodge the pen
Lucky me, lucky we, they didn't get me
Now when I bring the Nets I'm the Black Branch Ricky
From Brooklyn corners, burnin branches of sticky
Spread love, Biggie, Brooklyn, hippie
I pity, the fool with jewels like Mr. T
With long history in my borough, they borrow
With no intentions of returnin, tomorrow
The sun don't come out for many, like Annie
Half orphan, mama never had an abortion
Papa sort of did, still I managed to live
I go hard, I owe it all to the crib
Now please tell me, what the fuck's harder than this!!!!
Chorus: Santogold (Jay-Z &amp; Santogold)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (B-R-O-O-K!!!)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (L-Y-N!! COME AGAIN!!!)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (B-R-O-O-K!!!)
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!! (L-Y-N!! COME AGAIN!!!)
While I'm doin my time due to circumstance
Cross that bridge is the consequence
Once pretend now I paid my dues
Risk takers we break the rules
Get so dark, but I see good
Bed-Stuy stay high in my neck of the woods
Now, let it ring out, it's a warnin
(BROOK-LYN!!!) Let it be sworn in
Gotta make it stick workin like we good color
Rip it to the core, underneath it or we oughta
Right into the clip, bring it to the floor
One step one step give it up more
All this stuff and the streets are a mess
With big ass dreams and a sick death wish
Probably like the commercials says
Kill the voice screamin in my head
Chorus: Santogold
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Outro: Santogold
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard!!!!
Big Huh?
Cee Cease-a-Lee'
Big Doggytyle.. YEAH!
Cee B.I.G.
Big Uhh.. to all the ladies in the house!
Cee Where they at?
Big Uhh, uhh, check it out
Cee C'mon Big
Notorious B.I.G
Another day in the ghetto 
One look outside I'm already upset yo
It look about a hundred-and-two 
It's a Saturday and Biggie ain't got nuttin to do
Uhh, I'm intrrupted by a phone ring brrrrring
Sometimes I wish I never got the motherfuckin thing
Hello hello?  Can I speak to Biggie?
Yo who dis?  Taisha  Yo call back, I'm busy
Why don'tcha hit me on the box a little later
Washed up, got dressed, hits the elevator
Steps out it's the same old scene 
Dopefiend, crackfiend, eyewitness news team
I seen a honey with a butt lookin butter soft
I know she looks much better with them clothes up off
Sittin all thick, with the ruby red lipstick SMACK
That's the one I gotta get with
Chorus One: Biggie Smalls
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Why you wanna get with me?
Cause you got a big B-U-T, T, see
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha
Why you wanna get with me?
Cause you got a big B-U-T, T
Notorious B.I.G
She said If I get witchu 
I gotta get witcha whole hood rat crew
Whatcha I think I do?  Sling skins for a livin
My name ain't November, this ain't Thanksgivin
You aint Michael Bivins
Mack it up flip it, rub it down
Do me baby, I ain't down
My name ain't Tupac I don't Get Around
You hittin this nigga, how that sound?
Huh, first of all you got me mixed up with
Somebody ya done slept with, hold up
That's my Neneh Cherry shit, I got somethin slicker
Let me just sip up on this liquor
All I wanna do is smoke a little chronic
Slam ya like Onyx, and get ya hooked on 
this Biggie Smalls phonics, 102
How to squeeze 22's in them Reeboks shoes, HUH?
Chorus Two: Biggie Smalls and Lil' Cease
Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Can I get wit'cha..
Cause I got a big B-U-T, T, see
Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Why you wanna get with me?
Cause you got a big B-U-T, T
Notorious B.I.G
I said walk me upstairs, cause I forgot my Phillies
She said I don't care, just dont be actin silly
I knew I had her trapped with my hardcore rap
And it wouldn't take a second 'fore I had her on her back
Foolin with the bra strap, threw on my Silk cd 
cause, I wanna get freaky wit'chou
Lose control on the skins is all I can picture
Now I'm about to hitcha
Chorus Three: Biggie Smalls and Lil' Cease
Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha)
Why you wanna get with me?
Cause you got a big B-U-T, T
Lil' Cease
Uhh.. Lil' Cease.. yo, yo, yo
To all my hoes, respect due
Tamika sorry I left you
Michelle I'm glad I met you
You make the head feel special
Now I know it's official
That I can touch and tease you
Pull up my pants and diss you
And hit the door you came through
Its Cease-a-Lee, a.k.a. Mista Nasty
Germany style, these hoes they blast me
One of the chickenhead with sex appeal pass me
That's her hands, ankles, feet they ashy
I like the flashy type, who pass with dykes
With long hair, and they ass be right
I get up on that ass, see what that be like
I fuck a bitch good, if she ask me right, huh
Chorus One (repeat 2X)
Notorious B.I.G.
Nigga was motherfuckin HYPED UP
Nigga just grabbed the nigga, snuffed the nigga
and it was on from there
The motherfucker there wasn't nuttin stoppin him
(What what did the rest of his niggaz do?)
Man the motherfuckers was just ready for anything
Them niggaz was packin burners
Them niggaz was ready to fight
whatever we had to do holmes
Niggaz was on the real flipout holmes
It was just comin out like a motherfucker
The nigga amped be like COME ON, COME ON MOTHERFUCKER!!
Chorus: repeat 8X
Come on motherfuckers, come on
samples play over second half of chorus
Man what you fuck doin over here?
Are you awake now?
Hell yah I'm awake man;
now tell me what the fuck is goin on here
Looks like the competition stopped by
to pay us a little visit, and check us out
Sadat X
Let's go deep into the phrase, beautiful sunrays
off the baldhead, everything is real
Biggie me put on this joint so I'ma be the big wheel
Watch it Slim, hey Dad, place yo' bet on seven
Peace to one-oh-six, one-oh-eight, one-to-the-hundred-eleventh
Hey Biggie, I understand you're from Brooklyn
with 22's in your shoes, yo keep the shank ready
Notorious B.I.G.
Uhhh well, why not blow up the spot with Sadat
Release the BRAINSTORM, to make your motherfuckin BRAIN WARM
A strange form, somethin kind of lyrical
Biggie the bastard, Sadat's kind of spiritual
Well In God We Trust, guns I bust
Got that disgustin, sewer style dumpin
and that uhh singin do you knowwwwww, where you're goin to
Do you like the things that I bring?
rappin Make an emcee wanna sing for a livin
Take the beatdown we fuckin givin, c'mon motherfucker
Chorus
Sadat X
What? Niggaz want drama, puttin work on my block
when I told y'all last week, that shit was too hot
Sellin pieces and treys, cuts my dimes
Somebody gon' get paid, somebody block get sprayed
Reaction is delayed as y'all run down the block
Caught one in your chest, your breath come in spurts
Hey yo Biggie tell these niggaz I'ma hit em where it hurts
The big city it don't spare no bodies
Call me papichulo, to all the spanish mamis
I'm about ten blunts down, drank three or fo' stouts
Seen five fat asses, passed this bitch with glasses
Hey yo money that's yo' stock, yo Bigs pass the glock
I'ma tell him it can happen, don't play me with that rap shit
Life is real, so Biggie take the steel
Chorus
Notorious B.I.G.
Uhh
I got seven Mac-11's, about eight, .38's
Nine 9's, ten Mac-10's, the shits never end
You can't touch my riches
Even if you had MC Hammer and them 357 bitches
Biggie Smalls, the millionaire, the mansion, the yacht
The two weed spots, the two hot glocks
HAH, that's how I got the weed spot
I shot dread in the head, took the bread and the landspread
Lil' Gotti got the shotty to your body
So don't resist, or you might miss Christmas
I tote guns, I make number runs
I give emcees the runs drippin;
when I throw my clip in the A.K., I slay from far away
Everybody hit the D-E-C-K
My slow flows remarkable
Peace to Matteo
Now we smoke weed like Tony Montana sniff the llello
That's crazy blunts, mad L's
My voice excels from the avenue to jailcells
Oh my God I'm droppin shit like a pigeon
I hope you're listenin, smackin babies at they christening
So you better grab your pistol
cause if you sit still, I'm gonna make your fuckin shit spill
And I'm talkin bout buckets, why did I have to do it?
Sadat said fuck it, you got a gun, nigga bust it
Cause I got mo' shots to pop-ya
Big Pop-pa, breakin you off somethin proper
Signin off is the hardcore rap singer
a.k.a. crack slinger, bring it anytime nigga
Chorus
Notorious B.I.G.
Yeah, ninety-six, for my Nordstrom Ave niggaz
My Fulton Street niggaz (hardcore for ninety-six)
Dangerous MC's..
Uhh (check it out) uhh
Diamonds on my neck, chrome drop-top
Chillin on the scene, smokin pounds of green
Oooh-wee, you see, the ugliest
Money-hungriest, Brooklyn Loch Ness
Nine millimeter cock test, wan fi' test?
And the winner is..
Busta Rhymes
Y'all niggaz know the rules
I blast on niggaz so --
Notorious B.I.G.
-- my fist never bruise
Land-still-cruise, Frank White paid his dues
Ask who's the raw, bet they say Poppa very
Look forward to me like commissary
All of a sudden, now every-body Big Willie
Done did it, come widdit, get yo' head splitted
or get your neck slitted, admit it, you overdid it
Your shit it, just ain't got that LOUD
Gold tooth shine like TA-DOW!
Biggie Smalls the illest and how, frays raise your eyebrow
By now you figure, he talkin bout that nigga
but your weak-ass assumptions, lead led to dumpin
IV to pump-in, you're feeling something
Catch my drift, or catch my four-fifth lift
at least six inches, above project fences
Turn meat to minces, jokes turn to flinches
When I rain I drenches, cleared your park benches (HAH)
Missed you by pinches (HOO) your talk is senseless (RRUFF)
Actor needs chiropractor (HAH, HOO) for cracked jaw
Yes I rocked your cheddar box (hah)
Dangerous you're not I gets down (HOO)
Twist your body singing round and round, upside down
Chorus: Busta Rhymes
C'mon, yo, throw your hands c'mon
Bitch grab your tits c'mon
Let me know you in the spot
Bump your fists, c'mon
Thugs tote yo' shit
we bout to get mo' rich, c'mon
Let's blow the club, c'mon
Fuck the place up, c'mon
Shake yo' nasty ass
and make it swing all around, c'mon
Yo, make this money
throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon
Bounce in your whips, c'mon
Bitch lick yo' lips, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon
Mark Curry
Uh-huh, make money hand over fist
The bo-vines roam where chickenhearts don't exist
Settin up shop, it's hands on in the hustle
Fakes don't kill nuttin but time and don't tussle
The process of elimination, fresh rotation
come and go and they death be starvation
In the heat of battle it's no rest for the weary
Snooze and you lose is the theory
The theory of a patient man, is wild beyond belief
Be afraid, you don't want beef with us chief
Your talk is cheap and the supply meets demand
Everything you can imagine is real man
and revenge be the dish I serve to cats cold
Stay up on about ten folds, you know how it goes
You know the streets and it's real as shit, c'mon
Niggaz grab your dicks, c'mon
Bitches rub your tits, c'mon
Chorus (minus last two lines)
Snoop Dogg
Awww nah, big Snoop Dogg
Slap you with my paw, all across your jaw
Break fool on these bitches while I'm breakin the law
You come up in my room look bitch you takin it off
Follow me, I slip em slide em rip em ride em provide em
with that West coast G shit, L.B.C. shit
We dips to this, make chips to this
and buy brand new whips and shit, uh-huh (beyotch)
I bet you didn't know that yo' bitch was suckin dick (say what?)
Who you think she fuckin with? (what?)  Look here
My, Eastside lifestyle is way foul, move the crowd
Point a pistol at you bitch niggas, BLA-DOW
.. How you like me now? (what what, what?)
You got stuck and fucked, Doggystyle
100 spokes Day-tonas, bendin the corner
all up in Crooklyn, bad bitches are lookin
Chorus (minus last two lines)
Busta Rhymes
So you lovin us so much this shit is bleedin through you
If I worked in a resteraunt
I'd shit in the food and feed it to you
Most of my niggaz cuckoo, easy to gas to shoot you
Even all of them Haitian niggaz
won't believe this voodoo
Can yo' pussy be chaka, don't let me speak in pat-ois
and kick you in your face like we playin a game of soc-cer
I love to cock the glock-a, stack up on loot and vod-ka
And fuck your crew because all of y'all niggaz full of ca-ca
The way we doin damage tell me how the FUCK you manage
with my niggaz who marinate on foul thoughts and think savage
Them niggaz'll throw you in a manhole
and push they hand in yo' ass
and pull yo' head right out yo' asshole!
Parkay nigga we rugged all day nigga
You ready to fuck bitch?  Fuck the foreplay nigga
This me for all consumers, my nigga FUCK the rumors
Three in the worst way of pure coke for all you DRUG ABUSERS
Chorus (minus last two lines)
Chorus (fades out)
Puff Bad Boy baby
Big	Yeah.. yeah..
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah..
Puff	Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon..
Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.
The weak or the strong, who got it going on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it going on
You're dead wrong
Notorious B.I.G.
Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face;
take her Gucci bag and the North Face
off her back, jab her if she act
funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha?  I'm out like, The Vapors
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho, I got so
much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up singing in background niggas need to wake up
Smell the Indonesia; beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia
She don't remember shit!  Just the two hits!
Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits!
Sucking on the tits!  Had the hooker beggin for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was Humpin Around and Jump-in Around
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, B-I-G
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)
Chorus 2X + I don't care what nobody say sample (4X at start)
Notorious B.I.G.
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G
Disrespect me - my potency is deadly
I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick
because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
but Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hiding in a room; fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealing with?
Anybody step into my path is fucking feeling it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screaming
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
with no hair in between, know what I mean?
Chorus 2X + I don't care what nobody say sample (4X at start)
Puff Ladies and gentlemen..
Eminem
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads,
human sacrifices, cannibalism; candles and exorcism
Animals having sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just,
beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fucking, meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lying, I got a nine in my pocket
and baby I'm just, dying to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
red on the ceiling, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wet on the third;
then she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong
Chorus 2X + I don't care what nobody say sample (4X at start)
Chorus repeats to fade..
Puff Daddy
Uh-huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop
I don't wanna live no mo'
Sometimes I hear death knocking at my front do'
I'm living everyday like a hustle
Another drug to juggle, another day another struggle
I know how it feels to wake up fucked up
Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell
People look at you like you're the user
Selling drugs to all the losers mad Buddha abuser
But they don't know about the stress-filled day
Baby on the way mad bills to pay
That's why you drink Tanqueray
So you can reminisce and wish
You wasn't living so devilish s-shit
I remember I was just like you
Smoking blunts with my crew
Flipping oldies 62's
'Cause G-E-D was it B-I-G, I got P-A-I-D
That's why my mom hates me
She was forced to kick me out, no doubt
Then I figured out Nick's went for twenty down south
Packed up my tools for my raw power move
Glock nineteen for casket and flower moves
Four drunks trying to stop my flow
And what they don't know will show on the autopsy
Went to see papi, to cop me a brick
Asked for some consignment and he wasn't trying to hear it
Smoking mad Newports 'cause I'm doing court for an assault
That I caught in Bridge Port, New York
Catch me if you can like the ginger bread man
You better have your gat in hand
'Cause man
I don't wanna live no mo'
Sometimes I hear death knocking in my front do'
I'm living everyday like a hustle
Another drug to juggle, another day another struggle
I had the master plan
I'm in the caravan on my way to Maryland
With my man Tutex to take over this projects
They call him Tutex, he tote two techs
And when he starts to bust
He likes to ask who's next?
I got my honies on the Amtrack
With the crack in the crack of her ass
Two pounds of hash in the stash
I wait for hun to make some quick cash
I told her she could be lieutenant bitch got gassed
At last I'm literally lounging Black,
Seating back counting double digit thousands stacks
Had to re-up see what's up with my peeps
Toyota dealer cars had it cheap on the jeeps
See who got smoked, what rumors was spread
Last I heard I was dead with six to the head
Then I got the phone call
It couldn't hit me harder
We got infiltrated
Like Nino at the Carter
I heard Tec got murdered in a town I've never heard of
By some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners
And my bitch swear to God she won't snitch
I told her where she hit the bricks I'll make the hooker rich
Conspiracy should be home in three
Until them I look south for the home family
A true G, that's me blowing like a bubble
In the everyday struggle
I don't wanna live no mo'
Sometimes I hear death knocking in my front do'
I'm living everyday like a hustle
Another drug to juggle, another day another struggle
I'm seeing body after body and our mayor Giuliani
Ain't trying to see no black man turn into John Gotti
My daughter use a potty so she's older now
Educated street knowledge I'm gonna mold 'er now
Trick 'er little dope buying young girls tringes
Dealing with the dope fiend binges
Seeing syringes in the veins
Hard to explain how I maintain
The crack smoke makes my brain feel so strange
Breaking days on the set no sweat from cold moet
Can't bag yet because's still wet
But when I dry back in five at a time
I can clock about nine on the check cashing line
I had to burst on the third
Rehearse that's my word
Thinking the game Ds knew my first name
Should I quit? Shit no!
Even though they had me scared
Yo they gotta eight I gotta teck with air holes
That's just how the shit goes in the struggle mother fucker
I don't wanna live no mo'
Sometimes I hear death knocking in my front do'
I'm living everyday like a hustle
Another drug to juggle, another day another struggle
Intro
No...fuck the bitches, fuck all the stank-ass hoes, all my
niggas know...Junior Mafia click, Gucci Don, you know how we play.
Fuckin' skanless-ass bitches. You know how it go Boots...I
meet a bitch, fuck a bitch, next thing you know you fuckin'
the bitch.  You just pass it around and shit, pass the shit like
a cold and shit.  Fuck'em.
Now when I'm fuckin' those Jen I'm invincible
Don't love no hoe, that's my priciple
'cause uh, bitches come (and uh) bitches go
That's why I get my nut and I be out the fuckin' door
(You know) they might be the one to set me up
Wanna get their little brother to wet me up
That's why I tote Tecs and stuff to get'em off my case
Just in case the little fucker ends up misplaced
I don't give a bitch enough to catch the bus
and when I see the semen I'm leavin'
Bitches be schemin', I kid ya not
That's why I keep my windows locked and my Glock cocked
One hoe said, Big, why you so hard on us?
Why you swear all bitches are so scandalous?
Thug nigga 'til the end, tell a friend bitch
'cause when I like ya, then ya go and fuck my friend bitch
(And you know that ain't right)
Chorus
You know that ain't right
With a friend of mine   x4
You see, I don't sweat these hoes
I keep'em in flavours like Timbo's and Jibbo's
Bitches just like to play the Mary though
(Yeah we know, drop the scenario)
It was me, Dee, the MPV
The blunts and brew thang, knockin' some Wu-tang
M-E-T-H-Oh shit, look at them lips and them hips on that bitch
Dee hit the dip, so I can drop my mackadocious shit
Light the blunt clip, and recognize a pimp
Needless to speak, the Gee's obsolete
Don't sleep!  Banged the skins in a week
On the creep up the avenue
I seen her on the block, who she rappin' to?
That's my nigga Dee, damn he got Gee
Now she fuckin' him and fuckin' me, see
You know that ain't right
Repeat chorus
Uh...now I play her far like a moon play a star
She still sweat me hard 'cause I'm a rap star
I be cruisin' up the block, I be passin' her
Pimpin' hard with the female passenger
And the only time I call her to hang
Is when me and Dee blunted up, pissy, schemin' on a gang-bang
She should've used her intuition
Then she wouldn't be classified in that position, listen
She's sayin' I dissed her 'cause I'm fuckin' her sister
A message to the fellas, that really gets'em pissed, uh
But she started that fuckin' family
She fucked my man Dee, so why she mad at me?
Plus your sister look better than you
Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you
So break the fuck out like a rash
I'm glad I ain't spend no cash to hit your nasty ass
Jodeci song playing in the background,
sound of head board banging against the wall, and Biggie grunting
Woman moaning, uh, yeah, uh, oooh, oh yeah, mmm, yeah
Oh fuck me you black mothafucka, oooohh yeah!!! MMMMMM, Aaahhh
Oh fuck me you black Kentucky Fried Chicken eatin'
Ohhh, ooohhh, yeah
You mothafuckin' gangsta killin', mutha fuckin black mafia ass
Muthafuckin, you, ohhhhh my god
You chronic smokin', Oreo cookie eatin', pickle juice drinkin'
Chicken gristle eatin', biscuit suckin', MUTHAfucka
V8 juice drinkin', slim fast, black greasy muthafucka
OOOHHHHH 
Biggie: Whats my name?
Woman:  Biggie!
Biggie: Whats my name?
Woman:  Biggie!   
Oh yeah
Sound of Biggie and the woman falling off the bed
Biggie: I'm sorry.
Woman:  Ahhhh....
Biggie: Oh shit. Damn.
Woman:  (laughing) Jenny Craig eatin' muthafucka
Biggie:  (laughing) Fuck you bitch...
Big Uhh
Dad I like that, you like that? Heh
Big Here's another one
Dad And another one
Big And another one
Dad And another one
Big Uhh, what, what?
Intro/Chorus: R. Kelly, Biggie (variations on Big's part)
You must be used to me spendin
And all that sweet winin and dinin
Well I'm fuckin you tonight
Big Here's another one
And another one
Uhh, uhh, what?
Some say the x, make the sex
Spec-tacular, make me lick you from yo neck
To yo back, then ya, shiverin, tgue deliverin
Chills up that spine, that ass is mine
Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight
If its alright with you, we fuckin (that's cool)
Deja vu, the blunts sparked, finger fuckin in the park
Pissy off Bacardi Dark
Remember when I used to play between yo legs
You begged for me to stop because you know where it would head
Straight to yo mother's bed
At the Mariott, we be lucky if we find a spot
Next to yo sister, damn I really missed the
way she used to rub my back, when I hit that
Way she used to giggle when yo ass would wiggle
Now I know you used to sweets at the Parker Meridian
Trips to the Carribean, but tonight, no ends
Chorus 2X
Girl you look fine, like a windface Rolex, you just shine
I like that waistline
Let me hit that from behind, which wall you wanna climb
My styles genuine, girl I love you long time
I got you pinned up, with yo fuckin limbs up
All because you like the way my Benz was rimmed up
Bitch keep yo shin up, please watch me do thee
Nasty, like it when you make it move fast mommy
I like it when you tro' it pon me
No love makin, strictly back breakin
Ceas' know, all his hoes, go to my door
Then they go to his flo', to fuck some more
So no, caviar, sharp bar, uh uh
Strictly sex that's pretty and left over spaghetti
I know you used to slow CD's and Don P's
But tonight its eight tracks and six-packs while I hit that
Chorus 2X
Lets stop the bullshit baby
Let me take you to the stop, get you hot
So you wanna be with me, Puff Daddy
B.I.G., bring that ass to me
Chorus: repeat to fade with variations
Fuck bitches, get money.. fuck niggaz, get money 3X
Kim Hehehe
Big WHAT? Uhh, sex em up
Kim The fuck? That shit ain't even ?? big boy
Big Oh aight, you don't, you don't get none of that shit
Uhh, check it out
Kim Bout to get money
Notorious B.I.G.
You wanna sip Mo' on my living room flo'
Play Nintendo with Cease-a-Leo
Pick up my phone say, Poppa not home
Sex all night, mad head in the morn'
Spin my V, smoke all my weed
Tattoo on tit-tie sayin B-I-G, now check it
You wanna be my main squeeze baby
Don'tcha, you wanna gimme what I need baby
Won'tcha, picture life as my wife just think
Full length mink, fat X and O links
Bracelets to match, conversation was all that
Showed you the safe combinations and all that
Guess you could say youse the one I trusted
Who would ever think that you would spread like mustard?
Shit got hot, you sent Feds to my spot
Took me to court, tried to take all I got
'Nother intricate plot, the bitch said I raped her
Damn, why she wanna stick me for my paper?
My Mo-sci-no hoe, my Ver-sa-ce hottie
Come to find out, you was fuckin everybody
You knew about me, the fake ID
Cases in Virginia, body in D.C.
Woe, oh is me, that's what I get for trickin
Pay my own bail, commence to ass kickin
Lick in the door, wavin the four-four
All you heard was, Poppa don't hit me no more
Disrespect my click, my shit's imperial
Fuck around and made her milkbox material
You feel me? Suckin dick, runnin your lips
'Cause of you, I'm on some real fuck a bitch shit, uhh..
Fuck bitches, get money.. fuck niggaz, get money 3X
Big WHAT? I see mad girls like you
Kim You seen mad girls just ACTIN hot
Big I'm tellin you though
Kim There AIN'T nobody like me
Big You just frontin, there's people out like that
Kim ??
Lil' Kim
Uhh, whoo! Get at me
Whoo, I told you niggaz
Niggaz.. betta grab a seat
Grab on your dick as this bitch gets deep
Deeper than the pussy of a bitch six feet
Stiff dicks feel sweet in this little petite
Young bitch from the street, guaranteed to stay down
Used to bring work outta town on Greyhound
Now I'm Billboard now, niggaz press to hit it
Play me like a chicken, thinkin I'm pressed to get it
Rather do the killin than the stick up jooks
Rather count a million while you eat my pussy
Push me to the limit get my feelings in it
Get me open while I'm cummin down your throat
Then, you wanna be my main squeeze nigga
Don'tcha, you wanna lick between my knees nigga
Don'tcha wanna see me whippin your 3 down the Ave.
Blow up spots on bitches because I'm mad
Break up affairs lick shots in the air
You get vexed, and start swingin everywhere
Me shifty? Now you wanna pistol whip me
Pull out your nine, while I cock on mine
Yeah what nigga? I ain't got time for this
So what nigga? I'm not tryin to hear that shit
Now you wanna buy me diamonds and Armani suits
Adrienne Vitadini and Chanel 9 boots
Things that make up, for all the games and the lies
Hallmark cards, sayin, I apologize
Is you wit me? How could you ever decieve me
But payback's a bitch motherfucker, believe me
Naw I ain't gay this aint no lesbo flow
Just a lil somethin, to let you motherfuckers know
Fuck bitches, get money.. fuck niggaz, get money repeat to end
Kim Wait a minute, wait a minute
Back up, just give me that shit, this shit is mine
Big Oh you want my numbers and shit
Kim ??
Big Look, now you wanna ??
Kim I'm all that bitch, don't ask
You're fuckin with a bitch named Aphrodite
Big Y'all believe that shit?
Kim Just playin with you, worrd
?? daddy is all that, oh word
?? I'm talkin bout some presidents
Talkin bout this motherfuckin cash
Big Whatever you don't think about this
My nickname was Jesus in high school
Kim You don't even believe that shit!
God don't believe that shit!
Big I'm the supreme being baby
But I would've loved to hear
A Big Pun and B.I.G. collabo
That shit would've been incredible
Big Pun talking
Aye yaknahmsayin, it was just happen
We have our day, you know?
I seen him, I seen him, I seen him at the pearly gates, yaknahmean?
We keep it, keep it, keep it going from there
Notorious B.I.G.
Uhh, I dream filthy
My moms and pops mixed me with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey
Huh, what a set up
Shoulda pushed 'em dead off, wipe the sweat off
Uhh, cause in this world I'm dead off, squeeze lead off
Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue break up teams, the enemies
Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD
Cryin, know my friends is lyin
Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers
or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant
Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot
Giving cats the opposite of diets
You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye
I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me
Shit, I need the company (uh-huh)
Apoligies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter
If it was up to me you would be with me, sorta like
Daddy Dearest, my vision be the clearest
Silencers so you can't hear it
Competition still fear it, shit don't ask me
I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still
Chorus: Freeway
Nigga still gotta get his grind on
Come get introduced to my home
I grew up in the crime zone
Soon as you grown, you on your own, you keep your strap
You keep your chrome cause the streets is chilly
Now get your grind on
Come get introduced to my home
A nigga grew up in the pro-jects, end up gettin mo' stressed
Mo' money, mo' drama you know a nigga keep his armor
Cause the streets are killin
Now get your grind on
Come get introduced to my home
Big Punisher
Yo, yo
The penalty is death, especially when I'm mentally stressed
My enemies hang with me 'til I eventually flip
I never reject an offer to battle
Slap a coffin on the saddle
and rattle like a wooden horse to el barrio
Niggaz talk but they babble cause they ain't sayin nuttin
If ain't blazin somethin with the mac I'm in the shack bakin muffins
Fake the funk and get your rump roast
One dose of the toast'll make you jump if you come close
Pun spoke, ain't no more debatin; my Squad been waitin
for the perfect time to give you what you all been waitin
An orgi-nation of veterans built
with genuine skills to pay the heat, gas, and the rest of the bills
Invest in the real, don't get left in the hills
My tech and my steel turn your whole crew into vega-ta-bills
We blessed with the will to never surrender
cause my every agenda's in and out, unseen like I entered the ninja
It's my world
Chorus
Fat Joe
I got that new F-N, call it that faggot nigga gun
Couple of hollow tips make you faggot niggaz run
Crack pull up, everybody clear out
Anybody pumpin that rock is gettin aired out
I'm in that caddy with my bitch in the pack
Your mommy got a body but she itchin to clap
And I know you pitchin purple but we switchin the packs
Listen, don't make me hurt you I'm just givin the facts
On that I 9-5 swirvin to a town near you
My niggaz watch out for that Black Surburbans
And no it's not the Feds, man papi's home
And papi got it good, he could put you on
Listen, I done made abandoned blocks look hot
Nine to ten Benzes, a couple of drops
Couple of rubber bands from the corrupt cops
Just to see my niggaz eat and shit and huggin the blocks
Crack a chestize 'em, right besides 'em
In front of a hundred million viewers, shouldn't surprise 'em
We from the Bronx where the may-ors lift up
And niggaz get shot in broad day cause we don't give a...
Fuck little niggaz on bike and just shoot you
All for a pair of some Nikes, the shits brutal
I done seen fiends O.D., shot the wrong pack
Then they call the shit the bomb smack
Word to Crack, the god body, the hard body, the realest ever
The John Gotti, this rap shit, will it kill me? Never
Notorious B.I.G.
This goes out to cats, fingers in they ass again
Fifty dollar half-a-men, daydreamin
Fuck around get wet like semen, your whole team-and
be Mor-gan than Freeman
I took the cream and, moved to new places new faces
Fuck the screwfaces, cause when I flip
I make the papers, dangerous, we Goodfellas
Niggaz can't bang with us, try to do me
My crew be unruly (what)
To old school cats that call gats toolies
Call blacks moolies, think it's cool to smoke woolies
And fuck without rubbers (what) specialize
in killin wives and grandmothers, who ya trustin, shit
When Frank start bustin, Frank start somethin
Killin ya gently, God meant me, to push a Bentley
Me and Sean Combs takin broads home
On the phone with the chip,  with these Cristal chicks
Bout to make our own porno flicks, my life's the shit
Intro:
Yeah. Motherfuckers better know... huh, huh. Lock your windows,
close your doors. Biggie Smalls, huh...yeah.
My man Inf left a Tec and a nine at my crib
Turned himself in, he had to do a bid
A one-to-three, he be home the end of '93
I'm ready to get this paper, G, you with me?
Motherfucking right, my pocket's looking kind of tight
and I'm stressed, yo Biggie let me get the vest
No need for that, just grab the fucking gat
The first pocket that's fat the Tec is to his back
Word is bond, I'm a smoke him yo don't fake no moves (what?)
Treat it like boxing: stick and move, stick and move
Nigga, you ain't got to explain shit
I've been robbing motherfuckers since the slave ships
with the same clip and the same four-five
Two point-blank, a motherfucker's sure to die
That's my word, nigga even try to bogart
have his mother singing It's so hard...
Yes, love love you're fucking attitude
because the nigga play pussy that's the nigga that's getting screwed
and bruised up from the pistol whipping
webs on the neck from the necklace stripping
Then I'm dipping up the block and I'm robbing bitches too
up the herring bones and bamboos
I wouldn't give fuck if you're pregnant
Give me the baby rings and a #1 MOM pendant
I'm slamming niggas like Shaquille, shit is real
When it's time to eat a meal I rob and steal
'cos Mom Duke ain't giving me shit
so for the bread and butter I leave niggas in the gutter
Huh, word to mother, I'm dangerous
Crazier than a bag of fucking Angel Dust
When I bust my gat motherfuckers take dirt naps
I'm all that and a dime sack, where the paper at?
Big up, big up, it's a stick up, stick up
and I'm shooting niggas quick if you hiccup
Don't let me fill my clip up in your back and head piece
The opposite of peace sending Mom Duke a wreath
You're talking to the robbery expert
Stepping to your wake with your blood on my shirt
Don't be a jerk and get smoked over being resistant
'cos when I lick shots the shits is persistent
Huh, goodness gracious the papers
Where the cash at? Where the stash at?
Nigga, pass that before you get your grave dug
from the main thug, .357 slug
And my nigga Biggie got an itchy one grip
One in the chamber, 32 in the clip
Motherfuckers better strip, yeah nigga peel
before you find out how blue steel feel
from the Beretta, putting all the holes in your sweater
The money getter motherfuckers don't have better
Rolex watches and colourful Swatches
I'm digging in pockets, motherfuckers can't stop it
Man, niggas come through I'm taking high school rings too
Bitches get stripped down for they earrings and bangles
and when I rock her and drop her I'm taking her door knockers
And if she's resistant baka! baka! baka!
So go get your man bitch he can get robbed too
Tell him Biggie took it, what the fuck he gonna do?
I hope apologetic or I'm a have to set it
and if I said it the cocksucker won't forget it
Man, listen all this walking is hurting my feet
But money looks sweet (where at?) in the Isuzu jeep
Man, I throw him in the Beem, you grab the fucking C.R.E.A.M
and if he start to scream bam! bam!, have a nice dream
Hold up, he got a fucking bitch in the car
Fur coats and diamonds, she thinks she a superstar
Ooh Biggie, let me jack her, I kick her in the back
Hit her with the gat...
Yo chill, Shorty, let me do that...
Just get the fucking car keys and cruise up the block
The bitch act shocked, getting shot on the spot
(Oh shit! The cops!) Be cool, fool
They ain't gonna roll up, all they want is fucking doughnuts
(So why the fuck he keep looking?) I guess to get his life tooken
I just came home, ain't trying to see Central Booking
Oh shit, now he looking in my face
You better haul ass 'cos I ain't with no fucking chase
So lace up your boots, 'cos I'm about to shoot
A true motherfucker going out for the loot
phone number being dialed
phone rings three times
Biggie Yo!
P. Dad Yo Big wake up wake up baby
Biggie Mmm, yo...
P. Dad Yo Big wake yo' ass up c'mon
Biggie I'm up!  I'm up.  *mumbling* I'm up I'm up
P. Dad Big, wake up!
Biggie I'm up baby, what the fuck, man?  What's up?
P. Dad C'mon now it's a quarter to six we got the 7:30 flight
Biggie Mmm, *mumbling* yeah
P. Dad Yo Big Big, Big
Biggie Yeah I hear you dogg, I hear you, alright, 7:30
P. Dad Yo take down this information
Biggie Ain't no pen
P. Dad Tell your girl then to remember it or somethin
Biggie Aight honey, yeah write this down
P. Dad Aight, ummm, flight five-oh-four
Biggie Five-oh-four
P. Dad Leaving Kennedy
Biggie mumbling Kennedy
P. Dad On the L-A-X
Biggie Oh! Cali??
P. Dad No doubt baby, you know we gotta get this paper
Biggie Ahh, no doubt, aight
P. Dad You aight?
Biggie I'm up, I'm up
P. Dad Yo Big
Biggie I'm UP man
P. Dad Flight five-oh-four
Biggie Alright 7:30 I'ma meet you at the airport
P. Dad California
Biggie Yeh
phone clicks
When the lala hits ya lyrics just splits ya
Head so hard, that ya hat can't fit ya
Either I'm witcha or against ya
Format venture, back through that maze I sent ya
Talkin to the rap inventor
Nigga wit the game tight, Bic that flame right
Spell my name right, B-I, Double-G, I-E
Iced out lights out, me and Ceasar Leo
Gettin head from some chick he know
See it's all about the cheddar, nobody do it better
Going back to Cali, strictly for the weather
Women, and the weed -- sticky green
No seeds bitch please, Poppa ain't soft
Dead up in the Hood, ain't no love lost
Got me mixed up, you drunk them licks up
Mad cause I got my dick sucked
and my balls licked, forfeit, the game is mine
I'ma spell my name one more time, check it
Its the, N-O, T-O, R-I, O
U-S, you just, lay down, slow
Recognize a real Don when you see Juan/one
Sippin on booze in the House of Blues
Chorus: repeat 4X
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali
If I got to choose a coast I got to choose the East
I live out there, so don't go there
But that don't mean a nigga can't rest in the West
See some nice breasts in the West
Smoke some nice sess in the West, y'all niggaz is a mess
Thinkin I'm gon stop, givin L.A. props
All I got is beef with those that violate me
I shall annihilate thee
Case closed, suitcase filled with clothes
Linens and things, I begin things
People start to flash, 818's, 213's
313's, B.I.G.
Frequently floss hoes at Roscoe's
If I wanna squirt her, take her to Fatburger
Spend about a week on Venice Beach
Sippin Crist-o, with some freaks from Frisco
Chorus
Cali got gunplay, models on the runway
Scream Biggie Biggie gimme One More Chance
I be whippin on the freeway, the NYC way
On the celly-celly with my homeboy Lance
Pass hash from left to right
Only got five blunts left to light, I'm set tonight
Paid a visit to Versace stores
Bet she suck until I ain't got no more, only in L.A.
Bust on bitches be-lly, rub it in they tummy
Lick it, say it's yummy, then fuck yo' man
Fuck your plan, is it to rock the Tri-State?
Almost gold, 5 G's at show gate
Or do you wanna see about seven digits
Fuck hoes exquisite, Cali, great place to visit
Chorus
Chorus
Chorus: Again to fade
Intro: A friend
Chill Twan, damn man!
That nigga Big got somethin to say?
Yo Big, what'chu got to say Big?
Intro:
Yeah... yeah...
Special shout-out to my man
MC Homicide and DJ Fatal!
Twin one and two my man Milk!
My man Fred Dawg, the O.G.B. crew!
Y'all know how we flow
And I'm a drop it like this y'all
Oh what a feeling! - Drivin' in my four by four
Girlies Galore! - B.I.G. on the door.
Chrome trimming - with the smoke tint
Givin chumps a hit - as I count my mint.
Stacks of doves, half my mans is C-note
All from sayin rhymes that B.I.G. wrote!
Blunt, I take a toke - but only if it's weed
Skunk with no seeds! - A sip of Hennessy.
Pass to D! - Or maybe movin' solo!
Never with a skeezer by my side, that's a no-no.
Tell me I ain't the flyest nigga that you ever saw
Live in - action! Guaranteed - RAW!
Interlude:
Who's comin' through?
Y'all know who! DO! 
Bedstuy Brooklyn where this rapper was originated
Your rhymes ain't shit; they must be constipated.
Many awaited! - The heavyset brother from Fulton Street
To drop a rhyme to a funky beat.
Expellin' MC's as if I was at Sarah J
Or boys and girls at any school around the way.
Opponents, pupils, but I'm the principal,
Hard to beat! - Damn near invincible!
Niggaz wanna know - how I live the Mack life?
Makin money smokin mic's like crack pipes.
Flippin' bombs, stayin' calm, givin my people my palm
And sayin rhymes to set off the alarm!
Yes it's me, the B.I.G.
Competition ripper ever since 13!
Used to steal clothes was considered a thief,
Until I started hustlin on Fulton Street.
Makin' loot! - Knockin' boots on the regular,
Pass the microphone I'm the perfect competitor.
Jewels and all that! - My clothes is all that!
Chumps steppin' to me. - That's where they took a FALL at! scratches
B.I.G. without burner. - That's unheard of
I stay close to mine like Tina on Turner.
Quick to smother! - A punk motherfucker.
Undercover, word to mother. - I'm above ya!
And I love ya! - Cause you're a sweet bitch!
A crazy crab, you might make my dick itch!
I flow looser than Luther!
Words ya get used ta, B.I.G. is a born - trooper!
Like ice cream I scoop ya! - My music you wanna get loose ta
Stay pimp, and I'm not a booster! scratches
So what'cha got to say? - This mackin' word is bond
There's no other assumption. - I got it goin' on!
I'm not conceited, my friends tell me this
Even my mother - be noddin her head to this.
Makes her proud to see her one son get loud
Flip on a sucker! - And bow to the crowd!
Drink a little Hennessy, smoke a blunt or 2 or 3 or 4,
Live in action, guaranteed RAW!
Round two the rhyme regulator here to roast ya
As ya follow this to - I gave a toast to ya crew.
See, they popped on ya like a kernel,
You didn't realize that the beef was eternal!
Internal injury that's what you're soon to see,
B.I.G. keep company!
Sometimes in my waist. - If they come opponent
Run upstairs, change my skimmer and my coat and
I'm floatin' - to your punk part of town.
Anybody frontin, they better duck down
Don't get mad cause I grazed ya!
You jumped in that 4-door Blazer, quick I couldn't get a good hit
Shit! - I was aimin for the melon!
But the kick of my three-pound auto there's no tellin',
Drink a little Hennessy, smoke a blunt or 2 or 3 or 4!
Live in action, guaranteed RAW!
Outro:
And you don't stop!
And you don't stop!
You keep on!
To my man Milk!
And Thai!
Like I said before the whole O.G.B. is in full effect!
Outro: A friend
Most definitely
Sent a shout on
To the freestyle Born Allah
Yeah that bum-ass nigga from Avenue Q
(Yeah, yeah!)
Ice Cube:
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes x3
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes {Hello..}
Dr. Dre:
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..}
MC Ren:
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..}
Ice Cube:
The motherfuckin world is a ghetto
Full of magazines, full clips, and heavy metal
When the smoke settle..
..I'm just lookin for a big yellow;
in six inch stilletos
Dr. Dre {Hello..} perculatin keep em waitin
While you sittin here hatin, yo' bitch is hyperventilatin'
Hopin that we penetratin, you gets natin
cause I never been to Satan, for hardcore administratin
Gangbang affiliatin; MC Ren'll have you
wildin off a zone and a whole half a gallon
{Get to dialin..} 9 1 1 emergency
{And you can tell em..} It's my son he's hurtin me
{And he's a felon..} On parole for robbery
Ain't no coppin a plea, ain't no stoppin a G
I'm in the 6 you got to hop in the 3, company monopoly
You handle shit sloppily I drop a ki properly
They call me the Don Dada
Pop a collar, drop a dollar if you hear me you can holla
Even rottweilers, follow, the Impala
Wanna talk about this concrete? Nigga I'm a scholar
The incredible, hetero-sexual, credible
Beg a hoe, let it go, dick ain't edible
Nigga ain't federal, I plan shit
while you hand picked motherfuckers givin up transcripts
I started this gangsta shit, and this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} x4
MC Ren:
Villain blows up yo' spot
Take yo' notebook yo' bitch and yo' glock
This motherfucker thought the coochie had a padlock
You slapped her ass that's alarmin
cause she want my Worm like Carmen
We chin check niggaz, them thin check niggaz
run trains on golddiggers beware these fo' niggaz
Scarin motherfuckers like Steven King flicks
Makin niggaz clear the room like a dyke flea a dick
Makin 2nd II None shit, nigga like Quik
So when I bomb first nigga who you rollin with?
Fuck that ice on your wrist, fuck yo' fine ass bitch
Cause you could lose it in a tussle nigga watch me hustle
Watch niggaz kiss my ass without flexin a muscle
Bitches - all in the back they knees waitin to buckle
Same time same channel don't change the dial
Niggaz4Life, fuckin your wife, these niggaz wild {Hello..}
Ice Cube:
I started this gangsta shit, and this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} x4
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes
Look at these Niggaz With Attitudes {Hello..}
I started this gangsta shit
And this the muh'fuckin thanks I get? {Hello..}
And you won't stop and you don't stop.
The Notorious B.I.G.:
I was a terror since the public school era
Bathroom passes, cuttin classes, squeezing asses
Smoking blunts was a daily routine
Since thirteen, a chubby nigga on the scene
I used to have the tre' duce
And the duce duce in my bubblegoose
Now I got the mack in my knapsack
Loungin' black, smoking sacks up in acts
And sidekicks with my sidekicks rockin fly kicks
Honeys want to chat
But all we wanna know is Where the party at?
And can I bring my gat?
If not, I hope I don't get shot
But I throw my vest on my chest
'Cause niggaz is a mess
It don't take nothin' but frontin'
For me to start somethin'
Buggin' and barkin' at niggaz like I was duck huntin'
Dumbing out, just me and my crew
Cause all we wanna do is... {Hello..}
Ice Cube:
I started this gangsta shit, and this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} x4
The Notorious B.I.G.:
Hugs from the honeys, Pounds from the roughnecks
Seen my man Sei that I knew from the projects
Said he had beef, asked me if I had my peice
Sure do, two .22's in my shoes
Holler if you need me love I'm in the house
Roam and strollin' see what the honeys is about
Moet popping, hoe hopping, ain't no stopping Big Poppa, I'm a BADBOY
Niggaz wanna front, who got your back? (BIGGIE!)
Niggaz wanna flex, who got the gat? (BIGGIE!)
It ain't hard to tell I'm the east coast overdoser
Nigga you scared you're supposed to
Nigga I toast ya, put fear in your heart
Fuck up the party before it even start
Pissy drunk, off the Henny and stuff
Or some brand-nubian shit beatin' down punks! {Hello..}
Ice Cube:
I started this gangsta shit, and this the motherfuckin thanks I get? {Hello..} x4
Chorus: Bob Marley - sample from Johnny Was
Woman hold her head and cry
Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died
Woman hold her head and cry
Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died
When I die, fuck it I wanna go to (hell)
Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell
It don't make sense, goin' to heaven wit' the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Tims and black hoodies
God will probably have me on some real strict shit
No sleepin' all day, no gettin my dick licked
Hangin' with the goodie-goodies loungin' in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wished she got a fuckin' abortion
Chorus: Bob Marley
Woman hold her head and cry
Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died
I swear to God I just want to (slit) my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit
And squeeze, until the bed's, completely red
I'm glad I'm (dead), a worthless fuckin' buddah head
The stress is buildin' up, I can't,
I can't believe (suicide's) on my fuckin' mind
I want to leave, I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
Naw you wouldn't understand
You see its kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back
Should I die on the train track, like Remo in Beatstreet
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me
My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone
She knew me and her sister had somethin' goin' on
I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies
Chorus: Bob Marley
Woman hold her head and cry
Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died
I reach my peak, I can't speak,
call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak
I'm sick of niggaz lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin'
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin' echoes
Biggie
Check the pain I inflict, like a convict, the Fulton digger
Jump in the Acura Vigor, after I stick ya
Rip ya like a razor, straight up Henny with no chaser
Watch me erase ya, misplace ya
Put you in the back with the derelicts
Yeah, I pop plenty shit
Chump, I'm making hits
No time for the crack rock and shit
Took it to another level
Now I'm getting crazy papes, getting paid from the devils
Another amateur trying to damage the pedigree
Of the B-I-G-G-I-E, you know it's me
Hoes I thought you know I'm smooth as a babies ass
Smooth as Teeddy Pendegrass, smoke the grass, get in your ass
The Brooklyn born Teflon don, wrecking shop
Getting props, proving nobody drops
Words as potent as the blunt smoking Bed-Stuy bandit
And niggas just can't understand it
I bust a cap for the brothers in Nap Nap, Comstock, and Clinton
You know my shit is hitting
Yeah ya'll a fly nigga, Biggie Smalls
Kicking flavor, make a nigga wanna dig up in they drawers
For the burner, catch a body
I got styles like karate
Jujitsu, when I hit you then I split you
Like a cantaloupe
Hope you got a rope to hang yourself
I rob for self, from Brooklyn, where else
Fat like a Lexus coupe, I'll rip your troop
Not even Lois Lnae could get the scoop
What you think I'm stupid
My crew is mad deep
I hope you niggas sleep
B.G.
I throw a bomb through you window
Burn you up and your hoe
I catch your mama going to therapy
And cut her throat
You lil' sister walking home from school
I abduct her, then I fuck her
I hit ya park close up with the Louisville Slugger
BGeezy is the hustla, ignorant motherfucker
I was taught how to bust heads by the best head busters
Cluckers, you know I got'em 2 for 1 my nigga
I'm on V.L. if you want me, get some my nigga, come on
Big Tymer
Thuggin is my thing, if I'm beefing I'm banginhg
Slanging, it's in my nature, gotta be about my paper
Haters, I don't like'em, bitches, I don't trust'em
Niggas, I can't stand'em, I creep down and pluck'em
Strap say in my hand, I gotta protect mine
Niggas trying to pull it off, pop goes the nine
That's how it gotta be in these uptown streets
And a nigga like me, I play the game for keep
Juvenile
I remember when niggaz slang heroin up in balloons
I paid attention to everything , from killings to cartoons
Got a picture of Malcolm X on the wall in my room Bitch
on some ol' nigga fuck wit me I'ma do 'em shit
Nigga give me dope, I accept it, but don't respect him
Put my foot in they rectum right after I dome check 'em
I be popping D, smoking weed, and full of that Hennesey
Fresh off the streets on my way to the penitentiary
Everybody whisper in ears when they gone mention me
I been out doing it for years, since elementary
Real good relationship with guns and drugs
Because my whole neighborhood consist of crook and thugs
Everything is my own shit cause I don't fuck with scrubs
I don't need you harassing me when I'm up in the club
Trying to hustle a nigga, asking me for a dub
Quarter, ki's, and halfs is what I sling, cause that's what I love
Turk
I know you bitches know that I ain't to be played with
Dont have no picks and chooses who get they head split
They die quick, fuckin' with Turk, wodie get whacked
Spend a bin with Kevin and Randy leave ya flat on you back
and trust that, ain't bout to let no nigga steal me
Fuck that, I bust back with 223
Big and full of that raw with no cut and be ready to creep
Innocent people move 'cause somebody fix'n to get split
Lil' Wayne
Na, Na, it's iceberg shorty, Lordy have mercy
I'm coming so alert them
(Ur, Ur) fore I hurt them, desert eagle bursting
You haven't seen the worst and
I'm right near you and my gun blast quick, dog
Could kill you so run, dash, get gone
Wodies movin slow around this time they got bricks dog
I ain't got bricks dog, nigga break it off, what
Puff Daddy
Un huh, B.I.G. with the Cash Money Millionaires, forever
Juvenile, Lil' Wayne, Baby, Turk, B.G., Manny Fresh
Slim, CEO, and me P. Diddy, B.I.G, Born Again
And we won't stop, get money niggas
Akon... and B-I-G
BIG
Niggaz talkin but aint livin it
Cristyle pac I'm sippin it
Mobb hats and lizard shit
Gator talks bitch, rollin blunts wit the wheelist of da wheelies
Hitch link cop, on 1s and nine millis, stories like a motherfucker
Model bitchs wonderin if I'ma fuck wit her, she noe I treat my bitches like gavana
Dolce and gabana drippin, big poppa neva slippin
H class diamonds shining, dinner with wifey whining, dining
Smokin cigars and bolbatar with columbian niggas named panama and engrigay and shit
Games we play life envy, bitches bending over with ease for a pair of Moschino jeans
I got my carrot tank top I got your banked stopped, sofa's on top
Benjamins under the rest of them
Advancing from duplex 2 mansion
Staching keys, hiding g's ova seas, vcr's in my beat
Game on my , money I make into stocks and real estate bitch
Jet skiing in the Carribean, white sand discusing plans with my man,
Dark blue land, smoke tint, crome rims
And a system that leave my rear views trembling
Whatchu gone do wen poppa catch your attitude,
Drop 2 your knees and show gratitude
Kiss my ring it's a frank white thing
I stay potent, bitches devoted take my dick and deep throat it
Akon - Chorus
Eternal sunshine, in this elevated world of mine
Lookin for this hour glass of time
Tryna find my purpose on this grand design
Is there anybody out there living
4, 5, 6's on the streets they shootin
Is there any money out ther for me
U just listen 2 this hustler's story
Uh, uh, uh, c'mon
Hah, sicker than your average
Poppa twist cabbage off instinct
Niggas don't think shit stink
Pink gators, my Detroit players
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn
Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there e'ry night
Poppa been smooth since days of Underroos
Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
Do something to us, talk go through us
Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff
Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick to clutch
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3
(Take that, take that, take that, ha ha!)
Bang every MC easily, busily
Recently niggas fronting ain't saying nothing
So I just speak my piece, keep my peace
Cubans with the Jesus piece, with my peeps
Packing, asking who want it, you got it nigga flaunt it
That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it
Chorus - Pamela Long: sung in imitation of part of Slick Rick's La-Di-Da-Di
Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)
Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hip to)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (hah)
I put hoes in NY onto DKNY
Miami, D.C. prefer Versace
All Philly hoes, go with Moschino
Every cutie wit a booty bought a Coogi
Now who's the real dookie, meaning who's really the shit
Them niggas ride dicks, Frank White push the six
Or the Lexus, LX, four and a half
Bulletproof glass, tints if I want some ass
Gonna blast, squeeze first, ask questions last
That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
At last, a nigga rapping 'bout blunts and broads
Tits and bras, ménage à trois, sex in expensive cars
I still leave you on the pavement
Condo paid for, no car payment
At my arraignment, note for the plaintiff
Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement
Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy
Richer than Richie, 'til you niggas come and get me
Chorus - Pamela Long:
Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)
Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hip to)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)
I can fill you wit real millionaire shit (I can fill ya)
Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly
Wreck it, buy a new one
Your crew run-run-run, your crew run-run
I know you sick of this, name brand nigga with
Flows, girls say he's sweet like licorice
So get with this nigga, it's easy
Girlfriend, here's a pen, call me round ten
Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian
Come up to your job, hit you while you workin'
For certain, Poppa freakin', not speakin'
Leave that ass leakin', like rapper demo
Tell them ho, take they clothes off slowly
Hit 'em with the force, like Obi, dick black like Toby
Watch me roam, like Romey
Lucky they don't owe me
Where the safe? Show me, homie!
Chorus - Pamela Long:
Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)
Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hip to)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)
Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)
Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hip to)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)
Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
fades
Who y'all talking to man?
Uhh
Check it out, check it out
This here goes out
To all the niggas that be fucking mad bitches
In other niggas cribs
Thinkin shit is sweet
Nigga creep up on your ass, hahaha
Live niggas respect it, check it
I kick flows for ya, kick down doors for ya
Even left all my motherfucking hoes for ya
Niggas think Frankie pussy whipped, nigga picture that
With a Kodak, Insta-ma-tak
We don't get down like that, lay my game down quite flat
Sweetness, where you parked at?
Petiteness but that ass fat
She got a body make a nigga wanna eat that, I'm fuckin' with you
The bitch official though, dick harder than a missile yo
Try to hit it if she trippin disappearing like Arsenio
Yo, the bitch push a double-oh
With the five in front, probably a conniving stunt
Y'all drive in front, I'm a peel with her
Find a deal with her, she fuck around and steal, huh?
Then we all get laced
Television's, Versacci heaven, when I'm up in em
The shit she kicked, all the shit's legit
She get dick from a player off the New York Knicks
Nigga tricked ridiculous, the shit was plush
She's stressing me to fuck, like she was in a rush
We fucked in his bed, quite dangerous
I'm in his ass while he playing against the Utah Jazz
My 112, CD blast, I was past
She came twice I came last, roll the grass
She giggle, say I don't smoke it on homegrown
Then I heard her moan, honey I'm home
Yep, tote chrome for situations like this
I'm up in his broad I know he won't like this
Now I'm like bitch you better talk to him
Before this fist put a spark to him
Fuck around shit get dark to him, put a part through him
Lose a major part to him, arm, leg
She beggin me to stop but this cat gettin closer
Gettin hot like a toaster, I cocks the toast, uhh
Before my eyes could blink
She screams out, Honey bring me up somethin to drink!
He go back downstairs more time to think
Her brain racing, she's telling me to stay patient
She don't know I'm, cool as a fan
Gat in hand, I don't wanna blast her man
But I can and I will doe, I'm try to chill doe
Even though the situation lookin kinda ill yo
It came to me like a song I wrote
Told the bitch gimme your scarf, pillowcase and rope
Got dressed quick, tied the scarf around my face
Roped the bitch up, gagged her mouth with the pillowcase
Play the cut, nigga coming off some love potion shit
Flash the heat on em, he stood emotionless
Dropped the glass screaming, Don't blast here's the stash,
A hundred cash just don't shoot my ass, please!
Nigga pulling mad G's out the floor
Put stacks in a Prada knapsack, hit the door
Grab the keys to the five, call my niggas on the cell
Bring some weed I got a story to tell, uhh...
Yo man, y'all niggas ain't gonna believe what the fuck happened to me. Remember that bitch I left the club with man? Yo, freaky yo. I'm up in this bitch player this bitch fucking run them old Knick ass niggas and shit, I'm up in the spot though. One of them six-five niggas, I don't know. Anyway I'm up in the motherfucking spot, so boom I'm up in the pussy, whatever whatever. I sparks up some lye, Pop Duke creeps up in on some, must have been rained out or something laughing because he's in the spot. Had me scared, had me scared, I was shook Daddy - but I forget I had my Roscoe on me. Always. You know how we do. So anyway the nigga comes up the stairs, he сreeping up the steps, the bitch all shook she sends the nigga back downstairs to get some drinks and shit. She gettin mad nervous, I said fuck that man! I'm the nigga, you know how we do it nigga, ransom note style put the scarf around my motherfucking face, gagged that bitch up, played the kizzack. Soon this nigga comes up in the spot, flash the Desert in his face he drops the glass. Looked like the nigga pissed on his-self or somethin, word to mother! Ahh fuck it this nigga runs dead to the floor, peels up the carpet, start giving me mad papers, mad papers. (I told you that bitch was a shiesty bitch cause! Word to mother I used to fuck her cousin but you ain't know that! Hahaha. You wouldn't know that shit. Really though.) I threw all that motherfucking money up in the Prada knapsack. Two words, I'm gone! (No doubt, no doubt... no doubt!) Yo nigga got some lye, y'all got some lye? conversation fades out
We push the hottest V's, peel fast
through the city, play Monopoly with real cash
Me and Biggie and the models be, sugar nase and did he ask?
And parotta be, somethin you cats got to see
And the watches be all types and shapes of stones
Being broke is childish and I'm quite grown
Run up in the club with the ice on, me and Paisan
Scope the spot out, see somethin nice and I'm gone
You cats is home, screaming the fight's on
I'm in the fifteen hundred seats, watching Ty-son
Same night, same fight
But one of us cats ain't playing right, I let you tell it
People place yourselves in the shoes of two felons
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get
and any chance you hit, we live for the moment
Makes sense don't it?  Now make dollars
Cats pop bottles bone chicks that favor Idalis
And rack up frequent flier mileage
Chorus: Angela Winbush
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I'm poppin Magnums while Jigga bag somethin
Watch is platinum, got jet lag from
flights back and forth, pop corks of the best grapes
Make the best CD's and the best tapes
Don't forget the vinyl, take girls break spinals
Biggie be Richie like Lionel, shit
You seen the Jesus, dipped to H classes,
Ice project off lights, chick flashes
Blind your broke asses, even got rocks in beards and moustaches
Rock top fashions
Ain't shit changed, except the number after the dot
on the Range, way niggas look at me now, kinda strange
I hate y'all too
Rather be in Carribean sands with Rachel
It's unreal, out the blue Frank White got sex appeal
Bitches used to go, Ewww!
Still tote steel, trying to see five mil
off the sin-gle, for real
You ain't fazing the amazing
While your gun's raisin, mine is blazing
See you on see me all talking to sweetness
Take it for weakness and leave quick
Blocker, rocker, fellow, Bad Boy collabo
Two MC's with mad dough, jewelry on!
Chorus: Angela Winbush
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
repeat 2X
Miracu-lous, pockets stay full
Niggas skip the bull cause we matadors
Snatch the P-89's that we pack in the drawers
And we, clappin doors in your Acuras
Snap like, cameras or amateurs
Make you all dance, hold a hammer to yours
Jig and Big rock ice, no cracks in flaws
Everybody got a part to play, back to yours
Run up in your crib now, crack your doors
Watch the real players live, it's a habit to floss
Play the charts like the Beatles, y'all dap to loss
And toast Cristal on behalf of y'all
Too bad for y'all, ain't too many as bad as yours
truly, do we, we laugh at y'all
Little bastards y'all
Uhh, uhh
We hit makers with acres
Roll shakers in Vegas, you can't break us
Lost chips on Lakers, gassed off Shaq
Country house, tennis courts on horseback
Riding deciding cracked crab or lobster
Who say mobsters don't prosper
Niggas is actors, niggas deserve Oscars
Me I'm, critically acclaimed, slug past your brain
Reminisce on dames who, coochie used to stink
When we rocked house pieces and puffy Gucci links
Now we buy homes in unfamiliar places
Tito smile everytime he see our faces
Cases catch more than outfield-ers
Half these rappin cats, ain't seen war
Couldn't score if they had point game, they lame
Speak my name, I make em dash like Dame
Chorus: Angela Winbush
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
repeat to fade
Notorious B.I.G.
Wooo!  There's gonna be a lot of punchin in this motherfucker
Y'all better be swift with that punch button Jack
Biggie.. Biggie..
Notorious B.I.G.
I know how it feel to wake up fucked up
Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell
People look at you like youse the user
Selling drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser
But they don't know about your stress-filled day
Baby on the way mad bills to pay
That's why you drink Tanqueray; so you can reminisce
and wish, you wasn't livin so devilish, ssshit
I remember I was just like you
Smokin blunts with my crew, flippin over 62's
Cause G-E-D, wasn't B-I-G
I had to get P-A-D, that's why my moms hate me
She was forced to kick me out, no doubt
Then I figured out licks went for twenty down South
Packed up my tools for my raw power move
Glock nineteen for casket and flower moves
for chumps tryin to stop my flow
And what they don't know will show on the autopsy
Went to see Papi, to cop me a brick
Asked for some consignment, he wasn't tryin to hear it
Smoking mad Newports cause I'm due in court
for an assault, that I caught, in Bridgeport, New York
Catch me if you can like the Gingerbread Man
You better have your gat in hand, cause man
Chorus: K-Ci &amp; JoJo
Come and run with me .. I really wanna show you
How I run the streets .. I really wanna show you
How I'm clockin G's .. I really wanna show you
Come and run with me .. I really wanna show you
Notorious B.I.G.
I had the master plan
I'm in the caravan on my way to Maryland
with my man Two-Tecs to take over this projects
They call him Two-Tecs, he tote two tecs
And when he start to bust he like to ask, Who's next?
I got my honey on the Amtrak
with the crack in the crack of her ass
Two pounds of hash in the stash
I wait for hon to make some quick cash
I told her she could be Lieutenant, bitch got gassed
At last, I'm literally loungin black
Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks
Had to re-up; see what's up with my peeps
Toyota Deal-a-Thon had it cheap on the Jeeps
See who got smoked, what rumors was spread
Last I heard I was dead with six to the head
Then I got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder
We got infiltrated, like Nino at the Carter
Heard Tec got murdered in a town I never heard of
by some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners
And my bitch swear to God she won't snitch
I told her when she hit the bricks I'll make the hooker rich
Conspiracy, she'll be home in three
Until then I looks out for the whole family
A true G, that's me, blowing like a bubble;
in the everyday struggle
Chorus
Notorious B.I.G.
I'm seeing body after body and our mayor Guiliani
ain't tryin to see no black man turn to John Gotti
Nas
Guns and diamonds
Bitches put they tongues where the sun ain't shinin
Take ki's til they spot us, snakes flee with consignment
This kid he got his krib rated, police found grams
They locked up, his whole fam; moms sister his old man
Nigga bailed his moms out, then he told on his man
Now they home, actin like nuttin wrong, hustlin again
He tried to be the next Frank White, and Escobar
Pickin up coke a fiend holds it in a seperate car
Cooks it up til it's bright white, cut it tight right
Then he slings it to the fiends, lookin like Fright Night
Coppin the motorbikes, the scooters, countin dough on computers
High technology dealers, to the users and losers
Half-leg DiDi, try to swap drug for TV's
Stores run out of baking soda from BK to QB
My niggaz die for the cause, .45 on the drawer
City laws made by Big Nas and Biggie Smalls
Bitches, holdin my weight in they titties and drawers
My bitches out of state get bust while they pushin my cars
Callin me up, callin me baller, call for they cut
Pretty hoes bring me my cash, swallow all of this nut
Seats on the Bent' stay nasty, push the dash 
for the stash box is where the cash be; watchin for task force
Cause I know they comin but I'm reachin my goal
Fuck bummin, I'm makin sure I leave this whole game wit somethin
Crib in West Palms for my dime, crib for my moms
Ridiculous, you lookin at the next Nicholas Barnes, baby
Chorus (repeat to fade)
Intro: Jim Jones
R.I.P Big
We some niggaz that's gonna make you proud of this game
Smell me? (Jones, Capo)
Cash Money (Santana)
Dipset (Lil Weezy)
Let's Ride
Cause real g's know the feeling (It's Murda)
It's hard body, no remorse for the killing (Watch It)
Cause real g's know the feeling (It's Murda)
It's hard body, no remorse for the killing (Weezy)
Mad trees and bitches in dungarees
The city under seas, kitchen 100 degrees
I love that summer breeze, I'll stand in it until it freeze
I'm from another breed, them sss, southern g's
I sip phemetrazine, I lean, I stand tall
I'm mean, I'm mad raw, I'm coming like fastball
Steee-rike, Yup, so get it right
Nigga, one of my sniplets'll end your whole life
You ain't nothing but a riblet to a nigga with a knife
In a fork, I'm a pig myself, I eat schwork
So be smart and play your own part
If you don't love yourself, I'll make you see your own heart
And we don't like the narcs, stay away from the cell
Hey, I'ma shoot it out if I'm facing the ail
Yea, so tell your girl to come and make me rich
Weezy Baby nigga, 9 to 5, 10 to 6
Chorus: Juelz Santana
All night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?
(Watch it) I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever, It'd be your life before my life
At night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?
It's showdown time, throwdown time
Same d-off, four pound time
Clack Clack, go get yours, I'll go get mine
Check it man, I'm wit whatever
Goodness gracious the paper
Where the cash at? Where the stash at?
I'll blow that ass back for fronting on a nigga like me
You got nothing on a nigga like me, you'll see
I'm on the grind from sun up to sun down
If I'm lying, may lightning come down and strike me right now
I'll turn a dollar to a twenty to a fifty to a hundred
Keep it coming til I'm full on my stomach
I'm stuck in my ways, I'm stuck puffing my hase
Hand on my pistol, front of it sprays
I'm stuck living the life of a ghetto nigga
Trying to get rid of the life, alright?
Chorus
Notorious B.I.G.
Uhh.. UHH
Yeah..
Uhh.. uhh.. 
Uh!  Yeah.. yeah..
Uhh..
I'm on..
Fuck em.. yeah, uhh..
With my hands gripped.. praise the Lord shit
Fuck her, never knew her
Screw her.. (dump her body, dump her body) sewer
Our father.. uh-huh..
What you expected from his next of kin
I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican
I got nines in the bedroom, glocks in the kitchen
A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin
Uhh, the lesson from the Smith and Wessun is depressin
Niggaz keep stressin, the same motherfuckin question
How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop
and my body start to shake, if I should die before I wake
Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 2X)
With my hands gripped.. praise the Lord shit
Our father.. if I should die before I wake
Black Rob
Fluck that
Snap a nigga shit, smash him with the fifth, watch his body lift
Shut his hottie's lips, bitch screamin, hit her body quick
Got me like the trifest not knowin how my life is
My life is, rap sheet long as the Turnpike
The sheistest, hey fella, who bidded with the lifers
Did it with the glocks, spit it witcha pops, you was in diapers
Loved me when you came to Rikers
Hated me all in the free cypher; mad you can't be like us
Some murderers who turn bikers -- see Biggie Smalls
recruited these snipers -- alumni do it just like us
Some pied pipers, squeezin life out y'all
It's all out war, be all wild as all outdoor
If a coward got beef, y'all be checkin his palm
Paralyzin my niggaz thorough kid, how bout yours?
Real quick to screw a nigga then, hop out four
Clean the wipers, hit the party up and, hop out yours
Bitch nigga.. whoah..
Chorus
Beanie Siegal
Yo when you fuckin wit Mac, you fuckin wit the best
Still wall to wall with them dusty Tecs
Man you know how I handle my shit, S.K. can on my shit
Jump out of vans like Hannibal Smith
Man I spit a thousand rounds, your squad don't need it
Shredders in a riot pump leave you quadriplegic
When I squeeze don't breathe keep it lined and even
So when niggaz get hit, they be cryin screamin
Lyin bleedin -- from that iron steamin
And I ain't tryin to hear that bullshit, I ain't mean it
Niggaz start bitchin, when that pistol in they face
or I sick two puts to come and get you in your place
If I catch you in my shit, I'm wakin my bitch
Hear take this shit, crackin the brick, facin that shit
Takin two sniffs, grabbin my shit
Best believe if I get hit, y'all niggaz takin some shit
Picture niggaz takin my shit
Chorus
Ice Cube
Niggaz never thought they'd see Cube and Biggie
in the year 2000, all drunk and pissy
off whiskey, you can miss me, actin gay
He's the King of New York, I'm the King of L.A.
Doin it the O.G. way; it's sorta like
the Brooklyn Way, it's just the crook in me
So this is dedicated to the memory of
the Notorious One, the glorious one
And if you go for your gun, I got to go for mine
Cock my nine, and seperate yo' head from yo' spine
So, Grab yo' dicks if you love hip-hop and
fuck you niggaz that shot Big Pop'
The conspiracy, of this nation, for assassination
of the young black male in this black hell
And I can tell, no matter the weather
that you and Tupac got yo' shit together
California Love
Chorus
Puff Daddy
Push
C'mon Shorty stay push, c'mon
C'mon, c'mon push it's almost there
One more time, c'mon
baby cries
C'mon push baby, one more time
baby cries
Harder harder, push harder
Push, push, c'mon
One more time, here it goes!
I see the head!
Yeah c'mon!
YEAH! YEAHHHH!
You did it baby, yeah!
Curtis Mayfield's Super Fly plays over this
Sugarhill Gang's Rappers Delight fades in
... the hibby, the hibby dibby hip hop and ya don't stop!
Rock it out baby bubba, to the boogedy bang bang
The boogey to the boogedy beat
Now what you hear is not a test, I'm rappin, to the beat
voice comes in over
God damnit, what the fuck are you doin?
You can't control that god damn boy?  (What?)
I just saw Ms. Jersey, he told me he caught the
motherfuckin boy and chopped him
(Get your black ass off!)
You can't control the god, I don't know
what the fuck to do with that boy
(What the fuck do you, whatta you do?)
If if you can't fuckin control him
(All you fuckin do is bitch at me)
Bitch, what I say, I'ma send his motherfuckin ass
to a group home goddamnit, what??
I'll smack the shit outta you bitch
Take your black ass, the fuck outta here)
otherfucker, you are fuckin up
(Comin in here, smellin like pile of shit, dumb motherfucker)
Sugarhill fades out, Audio Two fades in
Gizmo's cuttin, up for the
Suckers that's, down with me!
What nigga you wanna rob them motherfuckin trains you crazy?
B.I.G.: Yes, yes, motherfucker, motherfuckin right, nigga yes
Nigga what the fuck nigga?  We gonna get...
B.I.G.: Nigga it's eighty-seven nigga, is you dead broke?
Yeah nigga but, but...
B.I.G.: Motherfucker is you broke motherfucker?
We need to get some motherfuckin paper nigga
Yeah but nigga it's a train ain't nobody robbed no motherfuckin train
B.I.G.: Just listen man, your mother givin you money nigga?
My moms don't give me shit nigga, it's time to get paid nigga
is you wit me? gun clicks Motherfuck is you wit me?
Yeah I'm wit you nigga c'mon
B.I.G.: Alright then nigga lets make it happen then
All you motherfuckers get on the fuckin floor! *blam blam*
Get on the motherfuckin floor!
B.I.G.: Chill, give me all your motherfuckin money
And don't move nigga!
B.I.G.: Give me all your motherfuckin money, I want the jewelry
Give me every fuckin thing
Nigga I'd shut the fuck up or I'ma blow your motherfuckin brains out!
Nigga, give me your jewerly, give me your wallet
B.I.G.: Fuck you bitch, get up off that shit
What the fuck you holdin on to that shit for bitch?
Audio Two fades out, Snoop Dogg fades in
Open C-74, Smalls
Mr. Smalls, let me walk you to the door
So how does it feel leavin us?
B.I.G.: C'mon man, what kind of fuckin question is that man?
Tryin to get the fuck up out this joint dog
Yeah, yeah, you'll be back
You niggaz always are
B.I.G.: Go head man, what the fuck is you hollerin about?
You won't see me up in this motherfucker no mroe
We'll see
B.I.G.: I got big plans nigga, big plans, hahahahaha
Eminem + {B.I.G.}
Ih.. ih, ih (it has been)
It has been, it has been, it has been
It has been said, that there has been known to be bloodshed
Over bread, men who have bled to death, dead {what?}
Strapped to beds, pipe bombs, dynamite, lead
Money power respect, street cred, yeah
It's scary ain't it? Picture yourself goin out as a hero {uhh}
Picture mural pictures of us painted all over street corners
Fans meet to mourn us, while we meet the coroners
Notorious tried to warn us
We watched, so many Biggie backed off of {ha ha ha}
Biggie's back and 'Pac's, landmarks, history in rap
Statistically in fact; it's so sad to see us re-enact
these tragic events, which lead us back
To where we left off on March 9th
To come from such hard knock lifes
And make it up out of 'em, hit the spotlights
And, once they're on us this is our lives
Thrust out for all eyes to cast upon us
to see who can last the longest
And he who lasts the longest, must be the strongest {uh-huh}
In this concrete jungle, where this dog eat dog mentality comes from
It's origin, which is usually originated from cats who starvin
Or it could just be somebody's horror, that just horri-fies
And applies to his persona or the sizes
in his entou-rage, that intimidates the people
To the point that you know that he's gangster
He ain't just say shit, you just believe it
Obie Trice + {B.I.G.}
Since B.I.B. taught us niggaz to think big
I'm been about my business since then, so anxious {what?}
It ain't how we live, it's what he said, he did it for Brooklyn
This I took in, sent chills through my skin
Vicious, I'm experiencin the same sights as him
It's what excited Obie to write these poems
Rollin, goin through the same shit he spoken
Open up my eyes so there's no limit in them skies
When _Ready to Die_ was a sick part of my life {yeah}
Palmin that forty-five, plottin to pop my mind
Then that crooked eye Jamaican I'd so many times rewind
Got me to walk a straight line and get up on my grind
Get up out the system, who could give him better signs
No pop of mine could top Big Poppa rhymes
So possibly I'd be popular huh? {uh-huh}
That's the inspiration I got from my nigga B.I.
Diddy + {B.I.G.}
I took him from coal to diamond, I molded his mind
Enter the most phenomenal artist of any and all time
I made a Frankenstein, my design impressed
Backpackers and press who said my house was a mess
Critics lashed, said I made a fortune off of his passin {what?}
All I did was build a dynasty, off of his passion
And I'm addressin the adolesencents absent to who he is
The original king of New York, Christopher Wallace...
This is a promise on Diddy's honor, I'm a father T'Yanna
And teach her that with all the drama don't even bother...
On repeat, all of your albums play back to back {yeah}
And I visit your grave cause our friendship's intact
An immaculate concept, extravagant progress
Bullet wounds left in my heart, I'm yellin God bless
Regardless to critics yellin that East/West
I seen the game losin, I'm just pressin the reset {uhh}
And when the ressurection of you shines through an individual
Lyrical enough to wear the same crown of thorns literally!
I'ma pay homage, Brooklyn's finest
Whether it's Queens or Harlem it'll be instant stardom, nigga!
Fuck all you hoes
Get a grip motherfucker.
Yeah, this album is dedicated to all the teachers that told me
I'd never amount to nothin', to all the people that lived above the
buildings that I was hustlin' in front of that called the police on
me when I was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughter,
and all the niggas in the struggle, you know what I'm sayin'?
Uh-ha, it's all good baby bay-bee, uh
It was all a dream
I used to read Word Up magazine
Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hangin' pictures on my wall
Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape pop
Smokin' weed and bamboo, sippin' on private stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Remember Rappin' Duke, duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number same hood
It's all good
Uh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh
You know very well who you are
Don't let em hold you down, reach for the stars
You had a goal, but not that many
'cause you're the only one I'll give you good and plenty
I made the change from a common thief
To up close and personal with Robin Leach
And I'm far from cheap, I smoke skunk with my peeps all day
Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way
The Moet and Alize keep me pissy
Girls used to diss me
Now they write letters 'cause they miss me
I never thought it could happen, this rappin' stuff
I was too used to packin' gats and stuff
Now honies play me close like butter played toast
From the Mississippi down to the east coast
Condos in Queens, indo for weeks
Sold out seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak
Livin' life without fear
Puttin' 5 karats in my baby girl's ear
Lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool
Considered a fool 'cause I dropped out of high school
Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood
And it's still all good
Uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
You know very well who you are
Don't let em hold you down, reach for the stars
You had a goal, but not that many
'cause you're the only one I'll give you good and plenty
Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis
When I was dead broke, man I couldn't picture this
50 inch screen, money green leather sofa
Got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur
Phone bill about two G's flat
No need to worry, my accountant handles that
And my whole crew is loungin'
Celebratin' every day, no more public housin'
Thinkin' back on my one-room shack
Now my mom pimps a Ac' with minks on her back
And she loves to show me off, of course
Smiles every time my face is up in The Source
We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
No heat, wonder why Christmas missed us
Birthdays was the worst days
Now we sip champagne when we thirst-ay
Uh, damn right I like the life I live
'Cause I went from negative to positive
And it's all...
It's all good
...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh
Uh, uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
Uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh
Representin' B-Town in the house, Junior Mafia, mad flavor, uh
Uh, yeah, a-ight
Diddy
Its Bad Boy bitch
Scram Jones... the Clipse... B.I.G.
Let's go
Biggie
Niggaz in my faction don't like asking questions
Strictly gun testing, coke measuring
Giving pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hitting fanny, spendin chips at Manny's
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you up in your Polo sheets
Six up in your wig piece, nigga decease
Muah!, may you rest in peace
With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours
Four-four, and fifty-four draw
As my pilot, steers my Leer
Yes my dear shit's official, only the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your blood clot crying
The kids, the dog, everybody dyin, no lying
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big dangerous you're just a Likkle Vicious
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success, escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all, death controls y'all
Big don't fold y'all, (big don't fold y'all)
I spit phrases that'll thrill you, (thrill you)
You're nobody till somebody kills you (I don't wanna die)
Biggie (chorus)
Do you know where your going too
Just a memory...everybody dying
When I throw my clip in the AK
May you rest in peace
Your nobody till somebody kills you
Do you know where your goin too
Just a memory...so you better pack a pistol
Everybody dying, death controls y'all
Your nobody till somebody kills you
Pusha T
Label limbo, I treat it like the wind blows
My back don't bend, see papi is my kenfolk
Spin out the work, as if its on a ten spoke
Soul benefactor the benz, he made the rims poke
Trust me they can't touch P, in one touchie
Turn drop-head coupe to dune-buggy
That carried my niggaz, and had the church mothers cursing
Imagine the glamour that comes out the flow
Of a nigga who still play in the snow like Santa
The wrist is rushing, my ears is blushing
And the diamonds in my chain, big as grandma's buttons, (yes!)
On the flipside, the steel I'm gripping
You thought all the floss had me slipping?
Think again, blink again let me know that your bluffing
Lead give permanent concussion, your nothing
chorus
Malice
Ha ha ha ha ha check out the fisad
On the face of rap, so we gon raise the bar
A mil on the crib, mean a quarter on the car
Bentley coupe another short of the arnage
Even as a youth I was laudering the stoop
Underneath the nose, and the Feds had no clue
I was pushing keys in a V with no roof
Rich, black, two big guns and no coof
Things at the label, well they tend to get unstable
And that pretty much leave Malice at the table
Or over the stove with the flame to the ladle
Because Im a provider as long as I am able
This here hughe the most foolish of blues
When I tell my mom the price
She damn near sent me to my room
It's the M-A-L-I-C-I-O-U-S
You don't wanna try nigga, you next uhh
chorus
Diddy
Biggie Duets...
Born Again...
Life After Death...
Legacy lives on..and on, and on
These motherfuckers still can't see you BIG
shit you ain't even here..
Motherfuckers better step their game up..
Greatest of all time, Greatest of all time!
Motherfuckers...
Welcome back. *audience applauds*
We're here on Bad Boy television, and I'm Trevin Jones
and I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper.
And quite frankly -- he's very mad.
We're gonna TRY to find out why; so we'll take some questions
at this point from our studio audience.
Yes ma'am, please stand and state your name, and where you're from.
Hi, my name is Shay, and I'm from New Rochelle
and, I just don't understand, why you so mad. (yo, yo)
Like what are you so mad about? (yo, yo, y-y-yo)
You wanna know why, yo first of all, yo first of all you can't
be askin me no question knowhatI'msayin who the fuck is you?
(Ahh, excuse me, Mr. Rapper, Mr. Rapper.) YouknowhatI'msayin?
You can't be askin me no question (It's a family oriented show.)
I'ma tell you why I'm mad, youknowhatI'msayin?  I'ma tell you why
I'm mad.  I'ma tell you why I'm mad. These niggaz is makin five
hundred thousand dollar videos, yunusayin?  They drivin around in
hot cars, yunusayin?  They got bitches, they got all that shit.
(Sir, please, please, refrain from your foul language.)
YouknowhatI'msayin?  I'm still livin with my MOMS, youknowhatI'msayin?
That's my word.  Yunusayin?  I'm makin records I ain't made no money
yet I done made this is my fourth album yo, this my FOURTH ALBUM.
I ain't made a dime yet.  This nigga made one album, he makin wild
records.  That Ready to Die shit, it was aight, it was aight,
yunumsayin, that shit was aight, it was cool.  But my shit is
more John Blaze than that!  I got John Blaze shit.  And they not
recognizing, they not sayin I recognize.  And fuck is that, who
is you to be askin me questions, youknowhatI'msayin?  Who is you?
Mad Rapper fades out
cut and scratched I gots to talk.  I gotta tell what I feel.
I gotta talk about my life as I see it!
Intro: repeat 2X ('Biggie' repeats every line of beat)
This goes out to you
This goes out to you, and you, and you, and you
Your reign on the top was short like leprechauns
As I crush so-called willies, thugs, and rapper-dons
Get in that ass, quick fast, like ramadan
Its that rap phenomenon Don-Dadda, fuck Poppa
You got ta, call me, Francis M.H. White
in tank-light totes, tote iron
Was told in shootouts, stay low, and keep firin
Keep extra clips for extra shit
Who's next to flip, on that cat with that grip on rap
The mo shady, Tell em!, Frankie baby
Ain't no tellin where I may be
May see me in D.C. at Howard Homecomin
with my man Capone, dumbin, fuckin somethin
You should know my steelo
Went from ten G's for blow to thirty G's a show
to orgies with hoes I never seen befo'
so, Jesus, get off the Notorious
penis, before I squeeze and bust
If the beef between us, we can settle it
With the chrome and metal shit
I make it hot, like a kettle get
You're delicate, you better get, who sent ya?
You still pedal shit, I got more rides than Great Adventure
Biggie, How are you gonna do it?
Chorus: repeat 4X
Kick in the door, wavin the four-four
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more
On ya mark, get set, when I spark, ya wet
Look how dark it get, when ya marked with death
Should I start your breath should I let you die
In fear you start to cry, ask why
Lyrically, I'm worser, don't front the word sick
You cursed it, but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit
You herbs get, stuck quickly for royalties and show money
Don't forget the publishin, I punish em, I'm done with them
Son, I'm surprised you run with them
I think they got cum in them, cause they, nothin but dicks
Tryin to blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks
Mad I smoke hydro rock diamonds, that's sick
Got pay off my flow, rhyme with my own click
Take trips to Cairo, layin with yo bitch
I know you prayin you was rich, fuckin prick
When I see ya I'ma
Chorus
This goes out for those that choose to use
Disrespectful views on the King of NY
Fuck that, why try, throw bleach in your eye
Now ya Braille in it, stash that light shit, or scalin it
Conscience of ya nonsense in eighty-eight 
Sold more powder than Johnson and Johnson
Tote steel like Bronson, vigilante
You wanna get on son, you need to ask me
Ain't no other king in this rap thing
They siblings, nothing but my chil'ren
One shot, they disappearin
Its ill when, MC's used to be on cruddy shit
Took home, Ready to Die, listened, studied shit
Now they on some money shit, successful out the blue
They light weight, fragilly, my nine milly
make the white shake, thats why my money never funny
And you still recoupin, stupid echoes
Intro/Chorus: The Lox
Can I live til my last day
Hittin honies that be na-sty
Gettin money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me
The Lox
Yo what's beef to you, three niggaz with hoodies and bats
That ain't shit compared to one small cat with gats
When we came here we cut off all kind circulation
Breathin, eatin, the whole situation
When we do our shit we do our shit for real
While you take your money for your deal and make your own beats
Compose your own sheets, that's aight but chill
I'ma spend that mil and cop only hot shit
Rock top shit you know how The Lox get
Then you can see me flyin in the Bentley cockpit
Lox and B-I, hold our grica down for years
Gang not, but we been had our black tears
Niggaz under the stairs only understand what we got
Underground, all above must get shot
You couldn't book me Dano, see Luciano put the burners
to all y'all, what nigga bring it I'm callin y'all
You already know what it's about when I run up in your house
Put the gun up in your mouth and get the money out the couch
Hearin you out is senseless, perhaps for instance
I give this faggot a french kiss
Black gloves, no prints, dark tints
Word on the street they ain't heard from him since
You know about life after kicked the kid in
Since me and my mi-dan can flip seven gri-dams
Scri-dam the flow is forbidd-en
Either you ridin or you dyin cause we swingin iron
Lox and Poppa, turning niggaz into Jim Hoffa
Who gon stop us, it's your last joint double copper
You gettin money or your runnin from the Feds
Ain't nothin over here but sixteen and one in the head
And I solemnly swear
That all y'all niggaz out there got a problem this year
Chorus: repeat 2X
The Lox
Before you think of keepin me down, heatin me down
The flow like water get deepe and you drown
with no soul, many niggaz roll with no dough
Even the small Dunn got a little black hole
Your destiny is somethin you can never figure out
Niggaz is never happy til there's blood up in your mouth
There's a lot of killers, but who the hell are you to play in this?
A lot are dead, how the hell you take the pain?
Live with it got money you better get with it
My man had the thug in him did his bid with it
Get married to the game but never have a kid with it
Advice from the wise, slice the pies
Too many schemes divides, when dreams collide
Teams provide, war for the street to absorb
Stashed in the ceiling and you slept on the floor
Only a blind dove'll fall in love with a whore
Notorious B.I.G.
Uhh, uhh, uhh
Who the fuck wanna squeeze?
My Desert Ease make MC's freeze
You wakin up in cold sweats, they just dreams
You still apoligizin, analyzin, my size and your size and
realizin, a fist fight would be asinine
You just pop wines I must pop nines
Genuine steel piece, nozzle in your grill piece
You're shook up, two bricks, every cook up
We can hook up, all I see is the future
Disrespect, I shoot ya
By the way, them bricks, get flipped weekly
Sold by soldiers that mix weed with the leak leak
Die for a dollar nigga, life ain't sweet
Play for keeps wet shirts with experts on the creep
I be the mob fiance, about to marry it
Illegal transactions in Farragut with Arabics
Why not, they fit twelve up in the bedroom
Imagine what they stash is like, make you a classic like
my first LP, beef with me is unhealthy
Fuck around and get an ul-cer, loose your pulse or
collapsed lung, look how many gats I brung
For them homos, still doin promos
Break both your legs you're movin slow-mo, got shined to glow mo'
Nine hundred and ninety six grams, you need for mo'
Chorus: repeat til fade
Notorious B.I.G.
To my motherfuckin man 50 Grand, the alcoholic man
Inject a tall can in his bloodstream if he can
Biggie Smalls, the pussy stroker
MC provoker, chocolate thai smoker HEAR??
I like to max in Maximas and Acuras
Your girl buttcheeks I'm smackin HER
The raw rapper, spine snapper
with the little hookers on my lap-ah
You know the flavor Mack-ah
A shy nigga but I ain't your fuckin comforter
And if I ever fall in love I bet I'm fuckin her
Ask the hooker, if I didn't jook her
If she tried to front, then I drop the Chucky Booker on her
singing Why you wanna.. play your games on me
rapping Bitch, you crazy?
Commitments, I'm Swayze, no time for the ill shit
Rest with the niggaz on that real bloodspill shit
My rap-pin tac-tics are drastic
Stretchin motherfuckers like Mr. Fantastic
So if you wanna see my pedigreeeee
You better be, filled with energy, niggaz never gettin me
So let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
Chorus: Craig Mack
Hahhhh, AHHHHHHHH HAH
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahhhh boyeeeee, let me get down and funk em)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Yeah.. uh-huh.. yeah)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Yo I just wanna get em)
G-Dep
Yeah, yo
Odds even, said shoot (blaow)
Asked me the reason, and I said loot
Man that's all I'm here for, therefore
when death declares war, you know what to prepare for
Shit, one for shelter, book flights on Delta
Live on your station, the radiation'll melt ya
Cool - I guess your momma raised a fool
You didn't wanna blaze your tool shoulda stayed in school
Rap terror, shots through your new era
Get it together, y'all niggaz shoulda knew better
I'm on point like acupuncture
I might, track and hunt ya, smack and punch ya
Left side, right side, witcha hoe I might slide
Runnin wit this big guy, y'all niggaz is pranksters
Don't make a nigga have to show you the pound
and show you the sound, that'll put you low in the ground
Just let me get down
Chorus: Craig Mack
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(What? What?)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(I just wanna funk a little bit)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahh.. I just wanna funk, what? Ahhhh)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
Missy
I be like WHAAAAT? Let me clear my throat
Break the smoke, Missy gotta hit some high notes
HEYYYYYY!  Yo from coast to coast I burn like toast
So dope that I floats through snow nig-guh
Oh, you don't wanna bow to me
The agony be like, Somebody help me please!
Feel my pressure, never could a bitch flow better
in any weather, I'm Biggie bangin ya nigga
Ah-huh, I used to be the chick to lick the lollipop
Now I pop through your body parts
BLAOW, BLAOW, you like the way I interact
Proceed to smack, any MC that's wack
Ah-huh, microphone check one two
I do ya tool, like them freaks run through your crew
Give it to me, OHHHH, send it to me, OHHHH
But before I get down, where's my money?
Let me get down
Chorus: Craig Mack
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahhh.. boyeee)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(I just wanna funk a little bit)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahh.. I just wanna funk)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(The Mackalicious funk wanna get down.. boyeeeeeee, HAHHH, AHHHH-HAH
Mack, feelin the funk)
Notorious B.I.G.
Bringin it live to you bitch ass niggaz
Intro: Jadakiss
Uh huh! I ain't even good with writin
I don't even write shit
I just felt, I had to write this letter to BIG
Niggas is actin like..................letter to BIG
Uh, yo
Dear Christopher Frank White Wallace
Yeah it's your boy Kiss I just wanna holla
In your memory I keep the Coogi in my closet
Kangol on the rack, a fresh pair of Wallies
You know I'm still the liquor and the weed child
And still got Branson on speed dial
And everybody's the king now
You ain't gotta be nice gettin shot is the thing now
Mafia was doin there best they seperated
Now Roc and Gutta doin a stretch, uh, yeah
Kim is still in it to win it 
I seen Money L awhile ago but I ain't heard from Cease in a minute
People in power is queer
I could go on for a year 'bout how it would be if you were still here
The game got cheaper, rappers is more commercially successful now
But the heart's alot weaker
You know me still got the flow that'll pop speakers
First option on offense the top feature
It's easy BIG all you need is a protool set
And I ain't touch the paper that I was supposed to yet
Everybody that's somebody show respect
Only a matter of time before they notice that
I'm an impecable lyricist
And with the right mechanics, I could take over be clear of this
They well aware of Kiss the light of the city
And I ain't on the label no more but I'm tighter with Diddy
I got my own plan handle mine like a grown man
Long as I know I'm nice, fuck it I'm my own fan
Remixed the joints you had 
But, they could never ever duplicate your swag (Never)
Meanwhile I'm a keep it so on my lil' plans
And you might bump into a few of my lil' mans
Up there steppin with God
Down here Mister Cee in BK still reppin you hard
Tianna so pretty, CJ turned into a Lil' Biggie
Just a little lighter but so witty
On your born day, we get the highest
Groovy still the best with the garments, he keep me the flyest
Tonight, Patron is dead
Only right that I take a bottle of Bacardi Limon to the head
And before I end it, I gotta say thanks
'Cause not only was your time well-spent, it was splendid (thanks)
...Miss you, my nigga
One Love (So we tried to hard to understand)
Chorus: Faith Evans (Jadakiss)
So we tried to hard to understand, why you had to go away
(That was my letter to B.I.G., nahmean?)
You were everything - you were everything
(I felt it was only right, I really smoked with them niggas)
Bridge: Faith Evans (Jadakiss)
So we'll just keep our heads to the sky (Drink wit 'em)
(Sat wit 'em, talked wit 'em)
'Cause we know we're gonna see you in the next lifetime (Real shit)
But it's never easy saying good-byyyyye
(See you when I get there, Biggie)
Saying - good-byyyyyyyyyyye (Love you)
Chorus: Faith Evans
So we tried to hard to understand, why you had to go away
You were everything (Why you had to go awaaaaaay?)
So we tried to hard to understand, why you had to go away
You were everything (Oooo-hooo-oooo-hooo-oooo-hoooo...)
... me and her sister had somethin goin on
(Aiyyo, would you listen to me motherfucker?)
I reach my peak, I can't speak
Call my nigga Cheek, tell him that my will is weak
(Aiyyo c'mon nigga, cut that)
I'm sick of niggaz lyin, I'm sick of bitches hawkin
(Aiyyo, yoyo Big, aiyyo chill)
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin gunshot
Life After Death piano and music comes in
(Aiyyo Big, aiyyo BIG!!)
heartbeat slows, sound of ambulence sirens
piano plays on
sound of pulse monitor and breathing machine
Puff Daddy
Damn... we was spose to rule the world baby
We was unstoppable!
The shit can't be over, no
The shit can't be over man
I know you hear me nigga
I know you hear me
You got too much livin to do
Too much unfinished business
It ain't over
flatline
Live your life
Just Blaze
Welcome to the house of pain, Just Blaze niggaz
Intro: Mary J. Blige
Theres no way out, it seems I can't get free
Somebody tell me what's happening to me
Notorious B.I.G.
The country bud got me chocking
I'm on a mission to the point motherfuckers think I'm smoking
Yea that sick nigga Biggie wit the H-shot fifth
Wit the extra clip for that extra shit
Don't you know that Killing is thrilling
All the blood spilling, is all up on the drug dealing
A broad gangsta my daddy was a thug
Had a .38 wit the hallow point slug
So when he lit shots
Niggaz dropped quicker than bootlegger sells his liquor
A little nigga tried to squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes
Paying dudes, while kids was on their one's and two's
Now I'm much older, colder, fuck a holster
Got the Mac .11's swinging from my shoulder
It's a damn shame I got to put my mom through the strain
I'm living in a house of pain
Chorus: Mary J. Blige
Is anybody listening and tell me can you see this darkness surrounding me
Now it's gettin colder heavy on my shoulder and it's gettin hard to breathe
And it's gettin blurry, I'm gettin worried cause it's gettin hard to see
When you're living in the house of pain
2Pac
When the motherfucker dust kicker, who can you trust?
Who gave you the heart to see a nigga?
Before you bust, my name is spoken on the tongue so many foes
Bustin motherfuckers out the blocks and I ain't even go
Now how the hell do you explain my claim to fame
From doing fix to bustin tricks out the fucking frame
Got these bitches on my jock niggaz on my block
Jealous ass suckers got it ducking for my fucking glock
And bustin niggaz ass is to stay alive
Skinny ass player watching victim motherfuckers fry
They ask me how I'm living? how I'm a hustler?
Bucking busters 'til they die
Now it's on in the ghetto you ain't heard?
Niggaz got they AK's heading for the bird
Aiming at free ass bitches let 'em rain
Giving 'em, wettin 'em, welcome to the house of pain
Chorus: Mary J. Blige
Nas
MJB, be worried niggaz, yea, Nas...
Wendy Williams say I stayed dust maybe I should
Cause these rappers'll have your phone tap like Savion Glover
And on the West the police corrupt, some are bloods
But these Teflon I loaded exploding some mugs
I'm like Furious in Boyz In the Hood
But at the drive through I'm ain't running I'm dumping
Crazy like a paru and load up, know how Nas do
I'm calling Henchmen to save shit, to organize a black truth
And we party hard party wit Nas
Since they ain't no more - Mardi Gras
And Bush won't apologize
I got gangsta hoes Kobe Bryant scared to sodomize
And .45's for them suckers y'all idolize
Ya'll yelling my name but y'all soon die in
Trying to portray real but they be ly-in
Cause they want the real niggaz to die so they can game
But never that, this ain't never lasting this is the house of pain
Chorus: Mary J. Blige
Notorious B.I.G + (Faith Evans)
To my motherfuckin' man, fifty grand, the alcholic man
Inject a tall can to his blood stream if he can
Biggie Smalls, the pussy stroker
Emcee provoker, the chocolate tah smoker (huh?)
I like to mack in Maximas and Acuras
But cheeks, I'm smackin' em' (huh?)
The raw rapper, spot smacker
Wit the lil hooker on my lap-ah, you know your favorite macker
A shy nigga, but I ain't ya fuckin' comforter
And If I ever fall in love, I bet I'd fucked it up
Ask the hooker, If I didn't jug her
She try to front, then I put the Chucky Booker on her
(Why you wanna...play games on me?)
Bitch, you crazy? Commitments, I'm Swayze
No time for the ill shit
Mess with the niggaz on that real blood spill shit
My rappin' tactics, are drastic
Stretchin' motherfuckers like Mr. Fantastic
So if you wanna see my Pedigree, you better be
filled with energy, niggaz never gettin' me
Chorus 2X: Bobby Valentino and Cheri Dennis + (Ludacris ab-libbing)
Big cities and bright lights
Short days and long nights
No stress and no strife
I'm high off living the life
Ludacris
It's clear to see that I'm the motherfuckin' man, I done learned from the
best of em; Took the first slot, niggaz still second guessin' em
Hoes, I'm undressin' em', foes, I'm not stresin' em'
Outlastin' a bunch of 'em , outflowed the rest of em'
Cuz everyday, I stay preachin' on the pulpit
So tell them haters they could miss me with that bullshit
But I won't miss, I'm Luda, the heat holder
I'm rich, bitch! I've done more shows than Oprah
And I'm a soldier, ready for whatever
Roll with a bunch of niggaz that don't know no better
King like Coretta, countin' mo' cheddar
Just hired two dykes to be my ho getters
When it comes to these women, dog, ain't no one fuckin' wit me
They runnin' back, you think I had TJ Duckett wit me
That's cause I throw it like Vick, from the yard line
Menage a trois, it's safe to say I'm havin' hard times
Chorus + (Ludacris ab-libbing)
Snoop Dogg
To my nigga Chopper dot, with the whoopty-whop on the block
Got the heaters cocked, cause I know the suckers on the block
Hennesey and Belve-D, brings a lot of jealousy
Nigga stop snitchin', nephew, why you tellin' me?
They say the game ain't what it use to be no mo'
Used to be a G, but now he just a ho
Runnin' 'round poitin' fingers, tellin' names
You fuckin' up the rules to this dirty game, and it's a diry shame
I ain't flippin' out, that's probably why I'm dippin' out
Ya'll fools trippin' out, that why I'm on a different route
Now, makin' money, havin' clout, what's what it's all about
Twenty seven cars and a tweleve bedroom house
Now they call me Snoopy Trump
I keep my heater close, cause I love to bust
Now hat's a stain on a nigga, I bang on a nigga
Kick rocks and watch how I do my thang, young nigga; I'm livin' the life!
Chorus + (Snoop Dogg ab-libbing)
Chorus - w/o ab-libs
CHORUS
TIME, TIME FOR YOU To DIE
AS I KISS--YOur--ASS--GOODNIGHT
I make your mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release, you loose teeth like Little Cease
Nigga please
Blood floods your dungarees
And that's just a half of my warpath
Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater
than the average player hater, and spectators
Buy my CD twice
They see me in the streets they be like you he nice
But that's on the low doe'
be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show
I pull out 4-4's, and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggas
snort-cane niggas
extortion came quicker
Bought the Range' nigga
You still tickle me
I used to be as strong as ripple, till Little Cease crippled me
Now I play hard-like my girls nipples be
The games sour like like a pickle be
You all know the rules
Move from BK to New Jerus
Thinking 'bout, all the planes we flew
Bitches, we ran through
Now the years new
I lay my game flat
I want my spot back, take two
Motherfuckers mad 'cause I blew, niggas envious
Too many niggas on my dick, shit's strenuous
When my men bust, you just move wit such stamina
Slugs missed you
I ain't mad at you (we ain't mad at you)
Blood rushing, concussions, ain't nothing
Catch cases, come out fronting
Smoking something
Sipping White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumping
I laced it wit the basic
6 TV's, a system, knocking Mase shit, face it
We hard to hit
Guard your shit, for I stick you, for your re-up
Wipe the P
Mix shots, work your seat up
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up
LONG KISS
CHORUS X 2
UH-I flaming gats, aiming at, these fucking...
Maniacs put my name in raps--support them
Games dat
Like they hustle backwards
I smoke backwards, and Duchees
Ya can't touch me
Try to rush me
Slugs go, touchy-touchy
You're bleeding lovely, with you, spirit above me
or beneath me, your whole life you live sneaky
Now you rest eternally, sleepy, you burn when you creep me
Rest where the worms-n-the weak be
My nine flies, baptize, rap guys
With the holy ghost
I put holes in most, you hold your toast shakey
Slip-n-trying to break me
Look what you made me do, brains blue
My team in the Marine blew, six-coupe
Skiid it out, weeded out, clean it out
The block for distance is, given long kisses bitch
CHORUS X 2
Frank White the menacing, craw-craw's demenacin
I got the lettuce in
You turn green like cucumber skin got the new hummer in the summer when I was a new comer
then drugs and mac-10's
Hug from fake friends
Make ends they hate you, be broke girls won't date you
That's why I relate to, choke your ass 'til your face blue, make you
Open the safe too
No matter how you call it (how you call it)
This bralick, alcoholic
Like his weed green'd out like his brick solid
Distribute to kids who, take heart like Valentine, drink Valentine, all the time
Slugs hit you chest tap the spine
Flat-line
Heard through the grapevine, you got fucked foe times
Damn that three to nine, fucked you up for real doe'
Slink steal slow
As you remorse we feel no
CHORUS X 6
Biggie mom
Lets say many times as i looked and soroow reflexes of my son (Biggie) i argue sometimes and saltied i soroow thoughts and said Well Done i thoght of
him (Biggie) instinly and slighty ask why i tried formly and just can`t say goodbye i live with visions twin and twisted passion so cold and withored
thoghts batored shattered i dream dreams cherish memory`s house friendships and promise that mattered in the end time is trausured like love for my son
Love Is Everlasting
Intro 1: The Notorious B.I.G. (Dude)
(Yo Bigs man, what's wrong man? You look like you got problems, man!)
Ayo man!
Pssh, man...
It's this fuckin' BITCH man!
Shit I know I ain't 'sposed to have no feelings for these hoes out here man, but...
This bitch on the back of my mind man! (word?)
Yeah man!
Done wrote a rhyme 'bout the bitch man! (Let me hear it!)
Want me to drop the drama kid? (Yeah!) beat starts
Intro 2:
Yeah, dedicatin this to you man
Cause my man 50 Gran' told me straight up and down man
I ain't 'sposed to love no ho!
Knahmsayin'?
I tried to tell her 50!
I got three rules in life!
I'm not to be played with... played on or played out!
I'm a drop it like dis!
Lyin' in my bed. - I'm lookin' at four walls
Echo in my head sayin I got a lot of gall.
Grippin my cap, my pen in my teeth
Thinkin' what this ho said, she called me a: Thief!
She said I stole her heart. - And didn't leave a trace
I told her I was sorry and she said get out my face.
Walked out my door with my Walkman in my pocket
Playin' +Love Is A House+! -Aand thinkin' how she jocked it.
When she had the key - to open up my door
Adore - that Prince scam that got me on the floor.
I know that she loved me, I couldn't ever fake it,
I say: Go buy a pie!  - The girl would go bake it.
Makin' a record was important to me
More important than her that's what made her flee, see?
The mistake was not payin' no mind
All her posse said we was two of a kind.
I call her back twice. - Your sister said you're broke
She said: When you left, your ears was full of smoke! 
Chokin' on a cigarette you don't even smoke
Jumped in the train station put in a token.
Coulda been my partner, my amigo my peer,
Just waitin for them three words that all girls wanna hear.
I love you!  HUH! - You would start to cry if
I would reply with I-L-Y!
Then I tell your friends - that you played me out
Said I wouldn't say: I love you!  Just to make you shout!
So I, call up 7 digits that would pick up your phone,
Your sister picked it up and said that you wasn't home.
I heard you in the back cryin' up a storm
Screamin how you wish that I never was born.
I hate him! I hate him!  That's what she kept sayin'
She'll come to her senses is what I kept prayin'.
But now I'm gonna lay the cards on the line,
Just say that you hate me! - Or say that you're mine!
I said: When I played ball you was in the stands!
When I was sick, you held my hand!
It was hard to say before, but now I can
Bitch I love no ho! - FUCK YA! 
Interlude:
I don't give a fuck about'cha
Take a long walk off a short peer bitch!
Try to take bankrolls...
Bum bitches outta here 50, man!
Now check it!
Come to my crib she say: B.I.G. listen!
I don't like the way you been dissin'!
Feel like I been kissin other bitches cause my lips feel chapped
I tell you it's on the blunts, you ain't tryna hear that! 
Now I'm Henny'd like a fuck? - What's the riff?
Who I'm sleepin with? - I ain't got the time to shoot the gift
To hoes, I'm tryin to take bankroll.
I ain't fuckin' nobody. - Case closed!
You hit the lights and decide to doze off,
No kiss goodnight, didn't take your clothes off.
And my dick is harder than a rock,
Nobody to cockblock but you's a hardrock!
The fuck you think I am, gay?
I ain't got no time to play I ain't got nuttin' to say.
Bounce out the crib! - Just to see my man, 50
And what's up with B.I.G.
And the O.G.B.! - You know they keep plenty hookers!
And I ain't a bad looker.
So I see one ho that I like yeah, oooh!
Shit is cool! (Dude: Trust no hoes! - All they want is bankroll!)
Outro:
That's what I'm tryna tell you now, baby! beat fades out
My man 50 done schooled me to all y'all hookers, knahmsayin?
I ain't lame to this!
Can't spell game without me, the B.I.G.!
So you wanna be hardcore 
With your hat to the back, talkin bout the gats in your raps 
But I can't feel that hardcore appeal 
that you're screamin, baby I'm dreamin 
This ain't Christopher Williams, still some
MC's got to feel one, caps I got to peel some 
To let niggaz know... that if you fuck with Big-and-Heavy 
I get up in that ass like a wedgie
Says who? Says me, the lyrical 
Niggaz sayin, Biggie off the street, it's a miracle 
Left the drugs alone, took the thugs along with me 
Just for niggaz actin shifty 
Sticks and stones break bones, but the gat'll kill you quicker 
Especially when I'm drunk off the liquor 
Smokin funk by the boxes, packin glocks is 
natural to eat you niggaz like chocolates 
The funk baby 
Chorus (repeats 8X)
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk (LOTUG, Chief Rocka) 
All I want is bitches, big booty bitches 
Used to sell crack, so I could stack my riches 
Now I pack gats, to stop all the snitches 
from stayin in my business, what is this?  Relentless 
approach, to know if I'm broke or not 
Just cause I joke and smoke a lot 
Don't mean I don't tote the glock 
Sixteen shots for my niggaz in the pen 
Until we motherfuckin meet again 
Huh, I'm doin rhymes now, fuck the crimes now 
Come on the ave, I'm real hard to find now 
Cause I'm knee deep in the beats 
In the Land Cruiser Jeep with the Mac-10 by the seats 
For the jackers, the jealous ass crackers in the (car sirens) 
I'll make you prove that it's bulletproof 
Hold ya head, cause when you hit the bricks 
I got gin, mad blunts, and bitches suckin dick 
The funk baby 
Repeat chorus
So I guess you know the story, the rap-side, crack-side 
How I smoked funk, smacked bitches on the backside 
Bed-Stuy, the place where my head rests 
Fifty shot clip if a nigga wan' test 
The rocket launcher, Biggie stomped ya 
High as a motherfuckin helicopter 
That's why I pack a nina, fuck a misdeameanor 
Beatin motherfuckers like Ike beat Tina 
(What's Love, Got to Do)
when I'm rippin all through your whole crew 
Strapped like bamboo, but I don't sling guns 
I got bags of funk, and it's sellin by the tons 
Niggaz wanna know, how I live the mack life 
Making money smoking mics like crack pipes
It's type simple and plain to maintain 
I add a little funk to the brain 
The funk baby 
Repeat chorus
Yeah, uh, is going out to all the pimps and macs
Y'all know the flavour, Brooklyn style
You know how we do, uh, yeah
All the macs and the dons in the house
Playa playaz, playa, playa - get the hoes know
One two:
Is it true, all I wanna do is screw
Drink brew, with the crew, on the avenue, uh
I flip skins like Mary Lou
So. what ya gonna do when (aicha) come for you, boo
I got girls that look like Toni Braxton
And give me the skin without askin'
When I'm relaxin' on my back and you know what time it is, uh
What of it's Redman, now leave it alone
She can call me on my cellular phone
And I mess around and pick you up
Take you to the crib, stick you up
Put on my Silk CD and lick you up and down
Til you say stop it the twat, til your pops call the cops
And when I make bail outta jail, I'mmma wail on that tail
Because the sex never fails
I am, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing - and I been waiting
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm
This is for the macs and dons
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm
What kind a girls do you like
Well, that's various
I like long hair or them Halle-Berry-cuts
Real big butts, yeah, thick with lip stick
Cause when it come to girls I'm optimistic
Like the Sounds of Blackness
I don't need practice in the sack it's natural
I break your back in
I pop coochies like my homeboy Luke
Guaranteed to knock your trees off your Timbo boots
You don't get pussy whipped, you whip that pussy
Hit it from the back til it get real cushy, baby
Good sex is what I'm startin'
I get the skin so wet, I make the ass start fartin'
And I pray that dick don't slip
Cause then I'm hearin' this shit: That's not it
And then I just ride til the sun rise
And when I'm done I whipe the cum on her thighs
I am, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing - and I been waiting
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm
This is for the macs and dons
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm
This is for the macs and dons
This is going out to the pimps and macs
That hit skins til their broud catch a asthma attack
But not even Pamatti Miss could resist
The way I jumped up in this clitoris
All I wanna do is zoom-a-zoom in the boom poom
Smoke a little boom, get some head in the bedroom
And then I whisper soft in the ear
You ain't got to home but you got to leave from here
Simple and plain no strings attached
I'm lettin' you know that I'm a certified mac
I hit skins til the leg cramp
So, on the first I can get half the check and half the stash
I am, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing - and I been waiting
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm
This is for the macs and dons
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm
This is for the macs and dons
All the playaz in '94, recognize:
Something D full effect, baby, baby
Uh, uh yeah, fuck all you bitches
Puff Daddy
Yo let, let, let me ask you a question yo
Yo would you kill for me?
Girl
Hmmm... yeah
Puff Daddy
What took you so long to answer motherfucker?
Girl
I don't know
Puff Daddy
The fuck wrong with you bitch?
When I met you I admit my first thoughts was to trick
You look so good huh, I suck on your daddy's dick (yeah)
I never felt that way in my life
It didn't take long before I made you my wife (uh, yeah)
Got no rings and shit, just my main squeeze
Come into the crib, even had a set a keys
During the days you helped me bag up my nickels
In the process, I admit, I tricked a little (yeah)
But you was my bitch, the one who'd never snitch (uhh)
Love me when I'm broke or when I'm filthy fuckin rich
And I admit, when the time is right, the wine is right
I treat you right, you talk slick, I beat you right
Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.
Girl
But you know you love that ass, don't you?
Puff Daddy
Yeah, no question
Girl
No question
Puff Daddy
Yo, let me ask you another question
Girl
What?
Puff Daddy
You ever fuck around on me?
Girl
Why would I do that?
Puff Daddy
Yo don't lie to me motherfucker
Moonlight strolls with the hoes, oh no, that's not my steelo
I wanna bitch that like to play celo, and craps
Packin gats, in a Coach bag steamin dime bags
A real bitch is all I want, all I ever had (yeah, c'mon)
With a glock just as strong as me
Totin guns just as long as me, the bitch belongs with me
Any plans with another bitch, my bitch'll spoil it
One day, she used my toothbrush to clean the toilet (that's nasty)
Throwin my clothes out the windows, so when the wind blows
I see my Polos and Timbos
Hide my car keys so I can't leave
A real slick bitch, keep a trick up her sleeve
And if I deceive, she won't take it lightly
She'll invite me, politely, to fight G
And then we lie together, cry together
I swear to God I hope we fuckin die together
Chorus
Girl
Let me tell you nigga, if I ever, ever catch your ass fuckin around
I'ma cut your mother-fuckin dick off
Puff Daddy
Hah, heheh stop playin, hah
Girl
I ain't playin, ain't no jokes, ain't no jokes
Ain't no jokes
Puff Daddy
Yo, don't don't play with my dick
She helped me plan out my robberies on my enemies
Didn't hesitate to squeeze, to get my life out of danger (yeah)
One day, she put nine one one on the page
Had to call back, whether it's minor or major (yeah)
No response, the phone just rung
Grab my vest, grab my gun, to find out the problem
When I pulled up, police was on the scene
Had to make the U-turn, make sure my shit was clean
Drove down the block, stashed the burner in the bushes
Stepped to police with the shoves and the pushes
It didn't take long before the tears start
I saw my bitch dead with the gunshot to the heart
And I know it was meant for me
I guess the niggaz felt they had to kill the closest one to me (uh, yeah)
And when I find em your life is to and end
They killed my best friend... me and my bitch
Chorus
Uh, yeah, yeah
Uh...
Uh, motherfucker yeah
Biggie
You see I don't sweat
these hoes I keep 'em in flavors like Timbos N Jibos
bitches just like to play the Merigo (yer we know drop the scenario)
it was me, D, the MPV, the blunts and brew things knockers and Wu-Tang, M.E.T.H.
O shit, look at those lips and hips on that bitch
we hit the crib so I can drop my macadoshar shit like the bluntclip
and recognize a pimp read mr speak the G's obsolete don't sleep bang the skims in the week
on the creep of the avenue I seen her on the block who she rappin to?
That's my nigga D damn he got G now she fuckin' him and fuckin' me see
R Kelly - Chorus
Me casa, you casa,
O I ain't lookin' for no wife
I just wanna give dick to ya
hit the club, drink ass on ice but ya hit the pussy good, am I doing the thing for you?
girl, show me how ya work that thing
you make a motherfuckin thug
wanna sing and baby, baby, can't you see
we gonna fuck 'till 6 in the morning
Biggie
Now I play her far like a move player star
she still sweatin me hard because I'm a rap star
I be cruisn up the block I be passin her pimpin hard with the female passenger
and the only time I call to hang, is when me and deep blood is up scheming on the gangbang
she shoulda used her intuition then she wouldn't be classified in that position
listen she sayin I dissed her coz I'm fuckin her sister
a message to the fellers that gets some piss UH
but she started that fuckin family
she fucked ma man D so why she mad at me?
Fuckin sister look better than you, give head better than you, pussy, gets wetter than you
so break the fuck out like a rash
I glad I ain't spend no cash to hit your nasty ass
Charlie Wilson
Red bones to lift ons dubies hip huggers to show off ya booty I'm hangin with
the best of them sleep
if you want I'm a veteran when I show up to the club it's VIP
I'll be dancin in the club if it's B.I.G
I'm not lookin' to find a wife - just someone to make a friend of mine
R Kelly - Chorus
R Kelly
I roll up off rack and polla
I'm so high when I walk in the club
I see this chick that used to get the dick
now she freakin on the floor makin a nigger reminisce
Oh I want her back in ma ride, back in ma ride
I want no girlfriend
see I just wanna hit it and we can be cool, we can do this if you feelin the same I do
come on girl, let's go to ma hotel
have a party all night in ma hotel
pop bubble smoke dope in ma hotel
in 20 minutes girl
hit me on ma self
R Kelly - Chorus
Intro:
A whole lotta niggaz want Big to make a demo tape 'specially that...
BUM-ASS NIGGA, uhh!
This goin' out to you nigga recognize
Yo 50, what's this?
Microphone murderer, mass mayhem maker
B.I.G.'s on the mic, call the undertaker
Make an appointment. - Schedule a interview
Because you know what Big Man's about to do.
50 Gran' on the Technic - at the right peak
Brothers wanna hear the words Big Man speak!
The microphone I rip it! - The burner got the clip in
Slammin MC's like Scottie Pippen. (Paaaapeerrrr! )
Flippin on Old Gold, cold as the rhymes you stole
Puffin' on dime bags and I been told.
My words are harder than a brick, Chinese arithmetic
A thick stick and my dick!
Makes me sick when you pick the whick-whack rhyme G
You get what you pumpin' is Tic-Tac time Z.
The B.I.G. moves swifter than a ninja
Even on stickups I'm the masked avenger! (Paaaapeerrrr! )
Keep my eyes open and the case closed
No eyewitnesses, no names or expos!
Just the heavyset one with the big gun
And a sweet tongue shakin down everyone.
Loot like Michael Jackson kicks like Bo Jackson
Benz like Freddie Jackson. - No need to ask in the crew!
Oooh! - No frontin', no fakin' moves
Fightin' or fuckin'. - Resort to the stick and move. (Paaaapeerrrr! )
Smack the fool that disagree, recognize the pedigree
Rhyme is mine cause I said it's me!
Step to a Big Man grippin the mic stand
Keep a bankroll and so do 50 Gran'.
And - I give you my hand cause you deserve a pound
Tryna blow up the spot - in my part of town.
Braves, because you get no praise
I teach you like a {CENSORED} did the A's. (Paaaapeerrrr! )
Recognize, I don't fuck with the St. Ides
B.I.G. down with O.G.B.
Old Gold Brothers for the others that missed me
The crew stay deep on Bedford and Quincy.
Rhymes in the pocket for a quick hand to hand,
You want it to be on, there's a Tec in the garbage can!
I pull bitches like Kim Fields, Brooke Shields
Shelley Long, Connie Chung. - I can go on and on! (Paaaapeerrrr! )
Word is bond I'm a don!
I split 'em and run up in 'em I fuck 'em and then I duck 'em.
I hit 'em in the shitter and forget her!
And it gets better! - B.I.G. - are the letters! Niggaz know the pedi'...
Outro:
That's the end!
What you want me to do?
DAMN!
Notorious B.I.G.
Yeah, dedicatin this to my nigga O
We miss you nigga
Goin out to all the niggas that died in the struggle
Word up, shit is real in the field
You know, sparkin blunts to all you niggaz
Word up
Each and every day
The daydreams of how we used to be
See your family
And that baby's lookin just like you
Why'd you go away
I've been missin you lately
Tell me why you're gone and thru
I remember sellin three bricks of straight flour
Got my man a beat down to the third power
He didn't care, spent the money in a half hour
Got some fishscale, ain't no competition that could sour
Got the coke cooked up, a crackhead heaven
In eighty-eight, when Kane ruled, with Half Steppin
A thirty-eight, a lot of mouth, was our only weapon
We was king till the G's crept in
And now I'm missin em
Chorus:
Ooh, I'm missin you
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
Ooh, I'm missin you
Nah nah nah nah nah, oh tell me why why why why
We work all week, we dancin, play the movies
We rock flatops, our girls rocked doobies
Made a killin, even though the D's knew me
Eventually, you know they try to do me
Fuck it
Fed up, my nigga want to take it down south
Sick of cops comin, sick of throwin jacks in his mouth
Gave him half my paper, told 'em go that route
Few months, he got his brain blown out
Now I'm stressed
His baby's mother, she trippin, blamin me
And his older brothers, understand, the game it be
Kinda topsy turvy
You win some, you lose some
Damn, they lost a brother
They mother lost a son
Fuck, why my nigga couldn't stay in NY?
I'm a thug, but I swear for three days I cried
I look in the sky and ask God why
Can't look his baby girls in the eye
Damn I miss you
Chorus
There was this girl around the way that make cats drool
Her name's Drew, played fools out they money in pool
People swore we was fuckin but we was just cool
She used to hang while I slang my drugs after school
She'd watch my bomb, help my moms with the groceries
My little sister, the girl was kinda close to me
A little closer than the average girl's supposed to be
Far from a lover, my girl was jealous of her
Then she started messin with some major players
Handled keys, niggas called them the Bricklayers
A dread kid, had a baby fore that bitch Taya
Found out her baby's father cheatin, now Drew she gotta slay her
One night, across from the corner store
Taya ran around the block with a chrome four-four
Squeezed all six shots in the passenger door
The dude lived, what my baby had to die for
We missin her
Chorus
Now, who's hot who not
Tell me who rock who sell out in the stores
You tell me who flopped who copped the blue drop
Who jewels got robbed who's mostly Goldie down
To the tube sock, the same ol pimp
Mase, you know ain't nothing change but my limp
Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp
Guarantee a million sales pulling all the love
You don't believe in Harlem World nigga double up
We don't play around it's a bet lay it down
Nigga didn't know me ninety-one bet they know me now
I'm the young Harlem nigga with the Goldie sound
Can't no PHD niggas hold me down, Cooter
Schooled me to the game, now I know my duty
Stay humble stay low blow like Hootie
True pimp niggas spend no dough on the booty
And then ya yell there go Mase there go your cutie
Singers come in over this last line
I don't know what, they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
Repeat 2X
Yeah yeah, ahaha, I'm the C-to-the-A-to-the-D-D-Y
Know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly
I call all the shots
Rip all the spots, rock all the rocks
Cop all the drops, I know you thinking now's
When all the balling stops, nigga never
Home gotta call me on the yacht
Ten years from now we'll still be on top
Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop
Now what you gonna do when it's cool
Bag a money much longer than yours
And a team much stronger than yours, violate me
This'll be your day, we don't play
Mess around be D.O.A., be on your way
Cause it ain't enough time here, ain't enough lime here
For you to shine here, deal with many women
But treat dimes fair, and I'm
Bigger than the city lights down in Times Square
Yeah, yeah yeah
I don't know what, they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
Repeat 2X
Uhh, uhhh
B.I.G., P-O, P-P-A
No info, for the, DEA
Federal agents mad cause I'm flagrant
Tap my cell, and the phone in the basement
My team supreme, stay clean
Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that
Cat you see at all events bent
Gats in holsters girls on shoulders
Playboy, I told ya, being mice to me
Bruise too much, I lose, too much
Step on stage the girls boo too much
I guess it's cause you run with lame dudes too much
Me lose my touch, never that
If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat
Where the true players at?
Throw your rollies in the sky
Wave em side to side and keep their hands high
While I give your girl the eye, player please
Lyrically, niggas see, B.I.G.
Be flossing jig on the cover of Fortune
Five double oh, here's my phone number
Your name, I got to know, I got to go
Got the flow down phizat, platinum plus
Like thizat, dangerous
On trizack, leave your ass kizzack
I don't know what, they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
Repeat 3X
What's going on?
What's going on?
I don't know what, they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
Repeat 3X to fade
phone rings
phone rings
B.I.G. Yo
heavy breathing
B.I.G. Sup hello?
heavy breathing
B.I.G. Faith?
Motherfucker click
phone rings
B.I.G. Yo
Kill you motherfucker (voice speaking to Biggie is whispering throughout)
B.I.G. Hello?
Kill you motherfucker
B.I.G. sarcastically WORD?
I'm gonna get you motherfucker you better watch your motherfuckin back
That's my word nigga
B.I.G. Get the fuck outta here
Better watch your motherfuckin abck
B.I.G. Watch my back?  WORD?
I'm gonna get Biggie, I'm gonna kill Biggie
B.I.G. You soft dude, you soft
Fuck all you niggaz, you all ain't SHIT
Watch your motherfuckin back
B.I.G. Eat a dick
click
Jealousy's a motherfucker, you weak jealous motherfuckers!
If you a jealous motherfucker, you just a weak motherfucker!
See when you on top, motherfuckers just wanna bring you down!
Motherfuckers don't even know you, and they don't like you...
Notorious B.I.G.
Uhh, I dreams filthy
My moms and pops mixed in with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey
Huh, what a set up
Shoulda pushed em dead off, wipe the sweat off
Uhh, cause in this world I'm debtor, squeeze lead off
Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue bring fatigue to enemies
Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD
Cryin, know my friends is lyin
Y'all know who killed im filled im with the lugars from they Rugers
or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's present
Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot
Giving cats the opposite of diets
You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye
I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me
Shit, I need the company (uh-huh)
Apoligies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter
If it was up to me you would be with me, sorta like
Daddy Dearest, my vision be the clearest
Silencers so you can't hear it
Competition still fear it, shit don't ask me
I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still
DMC
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Notorious B.I.G.
This goes out to cats, fingers in they ass again
Fifty dollar half-a-men, daydreamin
Fuck around get wet like semen, your whole team-and
be more gone than freemen
I took the cream and, moved to new places new faces
Fuck the screwfaces, when I flip
I make the papers, dangerous, we Goodfellas
Niggaz can't bang with us, try to do me
My crew be unruly (what)
To old school cats that call gats toolies
Call blacks moolies, think it's cool to smoke woolies
And fuck without rubbers (what) specialize
in killin wives and grandmothers, who ya trustin, shit
When Frank start bustin, Frank start somethin
Killin ya gently, God meant me, to push a Bentley
Me and Sean Combs takin broads home
On the phone with the chip, these Cristal chips
bought to make our own porno flicks, my life's the shit
DMC
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Notorious B.I.G.
We used to hold the gold, now we floss with diamonds
Niggaz want my team to stop shinin
Pray my fame start declinin
Whining like girlies
We been around the world twice, moats that'll smoke ice
in moonlights, sacrifice your heart
Lexus with the automatic start (what)
Fifty shots'll tear your club apart
Eatin shrimp outta cars, with some bitches from Brussels
Eatin clams or mussels
Uhh, out the puss (what) pretty face no waist
I just want the bush, so I can mack you
Give her a package to push, cause I work dem hoes
Den dey hoes, I show you how to play them hoes
Can you just visualize it
Before I go to sleep I check the beds and the closet
so I can sleep safe, not too many people mill in the briefcase
Infrareds help me sleep safe, but wait
DMC
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Y'all motherfuckers live off of negativity
What y'all niggaz need to get through your motherfuckin heads
Is that, y'all fuckin with some niggaz that's on a higher
motherfuckin level -- we don't give a fuck
About what you think about less how you feel about us
What you got to say about us
We gon keep doin our motherfuckin thing
From now till the year three thousand bitches!
You can't breathe, you can't sleep, you can't eat
without thinkin about us!
Without thinkin about us to the end!
We gonna kill you heartless motherfuckers!
DMC
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Pray and pray for my downfall
Notorious B.I.G. conversating with someone
Yeahh, worrd
I remember I met this one bitch
Cause you know me I don't see how I'm the nasty motherfucker
I just thought I thought I'da did anything in the world (yeh?)
I meets this one bitch, I comes up in the spot, or whatever
The bitch got the candles lit or whatever, so
She tell me whatever she wanna get her freak on whatever
So I'm like WHASSUP whatchu wanna yaknahmsayin
I'm read to wear it out or whatever (kssss)
The bitch told me she wanted me to shit on her! laughing
Ya know shit I was like whatchu mean shit?
I mean I might shit on you after I, hit it I won't call you no more
Shit on you like that more laughing
She talkin about no she want me to cock over her
And shit, on her stomach! laughing through his teeth
I said bitch what the, what the fuck??
What the fuck I'm sposed to do after I after I shit on her
I'm sposed to hit that after that?
She's just wilding out so after I shits on the bitch right
both start laughing
Ya know I shit, after I shits on the bitch
The bitch, ya know, washed that shit off or whatever
(Ohhh shit!)
Puff Daddy Come on, yeah repeat 10X
Uhh, I go, on and on and on and
then take her to the crib and let your bone in
Easy, call em on the phone and
platinum Chanel cologne and
I stay, dressed, to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Sex is all I expect
if they watch TV in the Lex, they know
They know, quarter past fo'
Left the club tipsy, say no mo'
except how I'm gettin home, tomorrow
Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O., uhh
Back of my mind I hope she swallow (uh-huh)
Man She split a drink on my cream Wallows
Reach the gate, hungry just ate
Riffin, she got to be to work by eight
This must mean she ain't tryin to wait
Conversate, sex on the first date I state
You know what you do to me
She starts, Well but I don't usually
then I, whipped it out, rubber no doubt
Step out, show me what you all about
Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse
Pull your G-string down South, aoowww
Threw that back out, in the parking lot
By a Cherokee and a green drop-top
And I don't stop, until I screw
Jeans skirt butt-naked it all work
I remember we, went to Tennessee
Then we came home, mad messages was on my phone
Bitch named Symone
Screamin, she feenin, for the semen
Me bein, the man that I am
Took it to her condo, pronto
Half indian, called her Tonto
Roll the kronk ton in the dark pronto
Few buzz, I got load
and off to the bedroom we go (mmmmmm)
Sex is drama, head to trauma
Rip pajamas I'ma stay to tomorrow
Satisfyin all my needs twice
With the whipped cream, handcuffs and ice
The bitch is nice, word is bond
Can't wait to put my niggaz on, what, what?
Ladies, my Mercedes
Hold fo' in the back, two if it's fat
Keep a gat, cause cats, try to test me
They just fans like DeNiro, Wesley
Let's see, the bitch I'm waitin on
Gaudy years teens look like they painted on
Ask thee, leave it up to me
Lay her on back ever so gently
She like the way the dope fold up, Rolls roll up
Cristal just throw up, bitch grow up
Hold up, there's DeGenero
Dripped out, iceberg Capero
Intro goes without speaking
Call me Caese cause I keep em, we can go freakin
all weekend, so, roll in
Ain't it good that my Lex keeps foldin?  Uhh
The Biggie duets (Uh)
Jazze Phizzle (phizzle phizzle)
Jagged Edge
Biggie Smalls
Ladies and gentlemen...
Biggie Smalls
I go, on and on and on and
Don't take them to the crib unless they bon'in
Easy, call em on the phone and
platinum Chanel cologne and
I stay, dressed, to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Sex is all I expect
If they watch TV in the Lex, they know
They know, quarter past fo'
Left the club tipsy, say no mo'
Except how I'm gettin home, tomorrow
Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O.(hey)
Back of my mind, I hope she swallow
Man She spilt a drink on my cream wallows
Reach the gate, hungry just ate
Riffin, she got to be to work by eight
This must mean she ain't tryin to wait
Conversate, sex on the first date I state You know what you do to me
She starts off, Well I don't usually
Then I, whip it out, rubber no doubt
Step out, show me what you all about
Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse
Pull your G-string down South, aoowww
Threw that back out, in the parking lot
By a Cherokee and a green drop-top
And I don't stop, until I squirt
Jeans skirt butt-naked it all work
Chorus - Jagged Edge
Gotta love ma little nasty girl
U know I love ma little nasty girl
I love ma little nasty girl
All the ladies if u hear me
Grab Ur titties for B.I.G
I love ma little nasty girl
All ma women from around the world
I love ma little nasty girl
All the ladies if u hear me
Grab Ur titties for B.I.G
P. Diddy
I need u to dance
I need u to strip
I need u to shake Ur little ass n hips
I need u to grind like Ur working for tips
N give me what I need while we listen to prince
Coz miss U ain't seen the world yet
Rocked la pearl yet
Rocked them pearl sets
Flew in em pearl jets (ooooohhhhh)
In a style make a low profile girl smile
Throw a chick back like a blue print trial
Now u n me can drink some Hennessy
Then we get it on
Mad women wantin to bone Sean combs
Sippin on Patron
Speeding we be leanin
Got em feeling
N when I give it to u throw it right back (right back)
Tell me Diddy 'Yeah I like it like that' (like that)
Lift your shirt
U know how I flirt
Heels and skirt
Let's take it off
Now lets work (lets work)
Chorus
Gotta love ma little nasty girl
U know I love ma little nasty girl
I love ma little nasty girl
All the ladies if u hear me
Grab Ur titties for B.I.G
I love ma little nasty girl
All ma women from around the world
I love ma little nasty girl
All the ladies if u hear me
Grab Ur titties for B.I.G
Jagged Edge
Uh with JE and B.I.G (what, what)
Grab the keys from Diddy (Uh, uh)
The women look-in ... no stress
Meet us upstairs in Ur best .....Yes
Dressed to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Jazze on the beat so sweet
Ladies know u feel me
Grab Ur titties for the B.I.G
Nelly &amp; Avery Storm
Ok ma what's Ur preference
Nice and slow
Or fast and wreckless
Pull Ur hair girl, bite Ur necklace
Let me show u what a nigger from Lou blessed with
Hey.... I'll make you spring a leak
When I'm done I flip the mattress
Change the sheet (Gotta change them)
I'm like a radical one
I vibrate a little more than Ur mechanical one
(From Ur titties to you thong)
Either way mama I'm a make u do it or do it
(Girl I'm about to make u come)
Guaranteed when Ur fuckin with me
(Coz I go on and on and on...on and on and on....on and on and)
Ladies if u feel me
Grab them Thangs fo Biggie
Chorus
Gotta love ma little nasty girl
U know I love ma little nasty girl
I love ma little nasty girl (u Gotta love it baby)
All the ladies if u hear me
Grab ur titties for B.I.G
I love ma little nasty girl
All ma women from around the world
I love ma little nasty girl
All the ladies if u hear me
Grab ur titties for B.I.G
Ladies and Gentlemen you are now tuning into the very best
Diddy
Jazze Phizzle
Nelly now
Jagged edge (u no that u looovvveee)
The Notorious (notorious)
B. I. G
The Biggie duets
Notorious
Bad boys
Show enough (Show enough)
Notorious
Notorious
Ladies and gentlemen
Let's go X4
Hey hey hey... hey
Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.
To all my Brooklyn Niggas!! (Niggas!!)
To all my Uptown Niggas!! (Niggas!!)
To all my Bronx Niggas!! (Niggas!!)
To all my Queensbridge Niggas!! (Niggas!!)
Nigga nigga nigga..
Notorious B.I.G.
Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls rips it quick
and kicks it quick, you know how black niggaz get
with the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees
Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's
Hittin buckshots at niggaz that open spots
on the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you
Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos
Flash the roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose
Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox
Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks
Just in case a nigga wanna act out
I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out
That's a real nigga for ya
Chorus
Notorious B.I.G.
When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
just in case dread wanna riff
He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very
Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried
That's a real nigga for ya
Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer
Spit at the D.A., cause fuck what she say
She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
Up North found first stop for the town
of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill
You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover
Ha hahhh, yo G, pass the ruler
Chorus 2X
Notorious B.I.G.
Money hoes and clothes
Blunt smoke comin out the nose, is all a nigga knows
Flippin on foes, puttin tags on toes
Watchin the stash grow, clockin the cashflow
The neighborhood gravedigga
Gettin paid so much, all the bitches wanna see a nigga
I guess they figure I'm paid, I wanna get laid
or since I got loot I wanna knock boots
I'd rather beat my dick than trick
and if she don't suck then we don't fuck
I'd rather make a buck, drive a fat-ass truck
Grab the 9, two clips, and run amuck
Yes, flex at the two or three Benzes
I wreck shit, what the fuck you expected?
A fly guy?  Well fuck it, I'm the high guy
from Bed-Stuy, puttin the swellin on your eye
and your nose even, when I choke ya you stop breathin
And when Jake come, I'm leavin!
Chorus 4X
Today's agenda
Got the suitcase up in the Sentra
Go to room 112, tell em Blanco sent ya
Feel the strangest
If no money exchanges
I got these kids in ranges
To leave them niggas brainless
All they tote is stainless
You just remain as
Calm as possible, make the deal go through
If not, here's 12 shots, we know how you do
Please make yo killings clean
Slugs up in between
They eyes, like True Lies
Kill em and flee the scene
Just bring back the coke or the cream
Or else, yo life is on the shelf
We mean this Frank
Them cats we fucking wit put bombs in yo moms gas tank
Lets get this money baby
They shady, we get shady
Dress up like ladies
And burn em with dirty 380's
Then they come to kill our babies
That's all out
I got gats that blow the wall out
Clear them all out
Fuck the fallout
Word to Stretch, I bet they pussy
The seven digits push me
Fucking real
Here's the deal
I got a hundred bricks, 14-5 a piece
Enough to cop a six buy the house on the beach
Supply the peeps with Jeeps
Brick a piece
Capiche?
Everybody getting cream
No one considered a leech
Think about it now, that's damn near 1 point 5
I kill em all I'll be set for life
Frank pay attention
These motherfuckers is henchmen
Renegades, if you die they still get paid
Extra probably, fuck a robbery
I'm the boss
Promise you won't rob em, I promise
But of course you know I had my fingers crossed
Chorus:
Niggas bleed just like us
Picture me being scared of a nigga that breathe the same air as me
Niggas bleed just like us
Picture me being shook
We can both pull burners, make the motherfucking beef cook
Niggas bleed just like us
Picture a nigga hiding
My life in that man hands, while he just deciding
Niggas bleed just like us
I'd rather go toe to toe with all of y'all
Running ain't in my protocol
Since it's on, I call my nigga Arizona Ron
From Tuscon, push the black Yukon
Usually had the slow grooves on
Mostly rock the Isley
Stupid as a youngin, chose not to move wisely
Sharper with game, him and his crooks, caught a ?jooks?
Heard it was sweet, bout 350 a piece
Ron bought a truck, 2 bricks laid in the cut
His peeps got bucked, got locked the fuck up
That's when Ron vanished, came back, speaking Spanish
Lavish habits, two rings, 20 carats
He's a criminal
Nigga made America's Most
Killed his baby's mother's brother, slit his throat
The nigga got bagged with the toast, weeded
Took it to trial, beat it
Now he feel he undefeated
He mean it
Nothing To Lose, tattooed around his gun wounds
Everything, the game, embedded in his brain
And me I feel the same for this money ya dying,
Specially if my daughter crying, I ain't lying
Y'all know the signs
Chorus
We agreed that going shooting is silly
Because niggas could be hiding in showers with Mac Milly's
So I freaked em
The telly manager was Puerto Rican
Gloria, from Astoria, I went to war with her
Peeps in 91, stole a gun from her workers
And they took drugs, they tried to jerk us
We blaze they place, long story
Glo seen my face, got shook
Thought a nigga was coming for the safe
Now she breaking, shut up, 112, whats shaking
A Jamaican, some bitches I swear
They look gay
In a black Range Rover
Been outside all day
If its trouble let me know, I'll be on my way
Please I got kids to feed, I done seen you make niggas bleed
Nightmare this bitch don't need
Ron, get the gasoline
This spot, we bout to blow this
Get the cash before the cops and Range Rover cats notice
Room 112
Right by the staircase, perfect place
When they evacuate, they meet they fate
Ron pass the gasoline
The nigga pass me kerosene
Fuck it, its flammable
My hunger is unexplainable
Strike the match, just what I expected
The dred kid ejected in seconds
And here come two
Opposite sexes
One black, one Malaysian
We in the hallway waiting patient
As soon as she hit the door we start blasting
I saw her brains hit the floor
Ron laughing
I swear to God
I hit MaxiPriest at least 12 times in the chest
Spinned around, shot the chick in the breast
She crying, head shot's put her to rest
Pop open the briefcases, nothing but Franklin faces
The spots hot, sprinklers, alarm systems
That's when other guests start to slip in
Its time for us to get to dipping
I know them niggas in the Range is on they way up
Flipping, pistol gripping
I load the clip in
The hallway, got real loud and crowded
They walked right past us
I don't know how they allowed it
The funny thing about it
Through all the excitement
They Range got towed, they double parked by a hydrant
Stupid motherfuckers
Notorious B.I.G.
Yo, check it
Call Lil' Cease
Tell that muh'fucker to bring me some muh'fuckin weed for this hospital
man fuck that
Tell that reporter to go pick up ten thousand from Dez
and go take about like twenty G's from Gino
Tell that muh'fucker get this nigga next door up out of here
Nigga be snorin all night I can't sleep (hehe)
Call that big butt nurse with the long hair to come suck my dick
(Bad Boy Big, c'mon)
The doctor said I need about three weeks of recovery
but the nurses is lovin me
Sayin the best part of the day is my half
Feedin me breakfast, and givin me a sponge bath
Niggaz say I died dead in the streets
Nigga I'm gettin high, gettin head on the beach
Chillin, sittin on about half a million
With all my niggaz, all my guns, all my women
Next two years, I should see about a billion
All for the love of drug dealin
Got no love for the other side, fuck them tricks (fuck them)
Any repercussion, Junior M.A.F.I.A. spit clips (that's right)
All the time, Big Poppa kick the war rhymes
Raw flows, and that's how it goes
Puff Daddy
NOTORIOUS!
C'mon.. we are, we are
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is.. he is..
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
This for my niggaz slingin thangs, had my ring encaged
Truck, necklace, igloo ring and things
For the bitches, who see them rims spin and grin
That shit with the V-trim that win
and the enormous fields disperse of rap
On the road to the riches more furs to drag
More niggaz to kill, than birds to bag
Hit the jeweler and splurge the tab, uh
Hops, out the truck like, Trick, what up?
Call me Sean if you suck, call me gone when I nut
That's the end of us, get your friend to fuck
Untwist and bend her up, you know the deal
Niggaz talkin real greasy on some ballin shit (that's right)
Funny how quick these pricks forget
Actin like I ain't the reason they traded they shit
Switched that 5, copped that 6 (that's right)
It's all good, you know who the clone is
Fuck the Joneses, niggaz tryin to keep up with the Combses
Puff Daddy
C'mon y'all..
NOTORIOUS!
We are, we are .. (what's his name)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
Lil' Kim
Who that queen bitch, keep her glass filled to the rim?
The Notorious K-I to the M
That's me, on MTV, no doubt
Titty out like what - I don't give a fuck!
Y'all know my attitude, can't stand my cologne
Then stay your ass home, you and your chaperone
Things done changed, but we continue to reign
as the King and the Queen of hip-hop, me and B.I.
Frank White still listen to all the (a)'ttention
I'm by his side, with the chrome fifth, playin my position
Sexy, young thing, from the ghetto
That bitch rockin mics in high heel stilletos
We takin over like Francis
Switchin our styles like the hottest new dancers
See, I let y'all live to stack a LITTLE paper
Be glad I pushed my album back, I did y'all hoes a favor!
Puff Daddy
She did you a favor, c'mon now, yeah
NOTORIOUS!
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?)
Bad Boy baby, D.R. c'mon
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
We are, we are .. 
Queen Bee baby, we are, c'mon
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is.. (B.I.G. baby, he is c'mon)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
We are, we are ..
Bad Boy 2000
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
B.I.G. Born Again (he is.. he is..)
and he won't stop
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
cause he can't stop, yeah, uh-huh
We are, we are.. (Brooklyn baby)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is..
Chorus: repeat 4X
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie repeat 8X
Let's Ride repeat 3X
Get High repeat 3X
Armed and dangerous
ain't too many can bang with us
straight up weed no angel dust, label us notorious.
Thug ass niggas that love to bust, it's strange to us
you all niggas be scrambling, gambling
up in restaurants with mandolins and violins.
We just sittin' here trying to win, try not to sin
high off weed and lot's of gin
so much smoke need oxygen
steadily countin' them Benjamins.
Nigga you should too, if you knew, what this game'll do to you
been in this shit since '92
look at all the bullshit I been through
so called beef with you know who
fuck a few female stars or two
then a blue light niggas knew like
Mike-shit not to be fuck wit.
Motherfucker better duck quick
'cause me and my dogs love to buck shit,
fuck the luck shit strictly aim
no aspiration to quit the game.
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
squeeze your clip and hit the right one
pass that weed I gotta light one
all them niggas I gotta fight one
all them hoes I gotta like one
our situation is a tight one
what you wanna do? fight or run?
Seems to me that you'll take thee,
Bone and Big nigga die slowly
I'm gonna tell you like a nigga told me,
cash rule everything around me.
Shit lyrically, niggas can't see me, fuck it,
buy the coke, cook the coke, cut it,
blow the bitch before you caught yourself loving it -- nigga wit a Benz fucking it.
Doesn't it seem odd to you
Big comes through wit mobs and crews
Goodfellas down to the Mo' Thug dudes
who's the killer? me or you?
(We forgive you for you know not what you do)
Seven A.M. woke in the mornin' with henney and caffeine and green and nicotine
no dough so pop a couple of those, Lil' Rippsta..nigga mista clean, nigga
deep--deep in my temple and now to get, sentimentally steamed, wit
my..instrumelody, and heated especially ball your team, and a 45 indeed will
beam now between the scenes destroy your dreams, you willing to die we'll see
how many faces when I cause the scene. We mean mug, Mo' Thugs trying to be
perfect--disciples, when its survival told by the double edged sword triple,
six rivals spittin' fire this the real truth bitch, breaking down for lies my
messiah better be ready for Armageddon shit's expired. it's wild, bless the child,
the one that became a man
put in positions already there
all that I had to do was stare.
Test me now, contend never no surrender no pretend
pick up my pen and my hand
one of my trusted friend, friend. Hey! open and lets see if ya' real,
we all suited, beg my pardon to Martin, maybe we ain't marchin' we
shootin', and daily recruitin' there's a thug born, everyday in the ghetto,
we start em' off little with hit em' up out with a pen and pad hit me led now kick it......
Nigga roll wit Bone up into the days of ours, to the dome wit a shot or burn,
never do toss on the curb/me feelin' the urge to sperve, when I'm broke as
fucks and giving that mossburg swerve. Up into my bag, cause I gotta get my mask
and shells--to put in this 12 gauge sawed off, get em' all off, nigga your
loss, take it all off, got a nigga caught doe. For the Bone and leatherface
seemin' to thug in the cut--to let the mo' how many pulling ain't nothin'--bitch
if ya stick em' we buckin' em guns that's fucked up. Now lemme get down wit the
crime, gotta go purchase a dime
put in a state to get down for the crime
smocking the reefa to ease my mind, swig some wine. Step on the block when
the rocks what will I be servin' them dummies see
gotta buck em' on down if he come back talking like gimme back my money.
Thuggin wit me killers,
need us a liter of liquor but niggas ain't got shit but a sawed off pump chrome 38 pistol
now who ready to get bent.
Nigga like me feenin' for them green leaves,
but I ain't had no dough
gotta make some money so, I'm making my dummy
rocks if I go broke.
Chorus 2X
Lil' Lay hey coming in a form of scripture, finna get ya and hit magic
droppin' down lick but I call on my gadgets, with a automatic status we
spray time to load the glocks but I'm thinking not, there's another he forced telling me do what I gotta do
so I up my pipe a nigga die tonight,
and I'm always waiting for the boys in blue.
Biggie boots on my ass now provide the cellular phone and call Bone what's happenin'
grab artillery niggas start packin',
'cause a motherfucker try to get me in a jackin' and I did em'.
Hit em' right between the eyes the spot was wise wanna test a niggas size and it cost
em' nigga fuck around wit the wrong shit you all get mo' murdered all day, all day.
We done paved the way and I'm on the run
I'm gonna call my boys and bring all the guns
you all niggas wanna have a little' fun wit number one, one, in a red red
rum rum rum rum rum rum, wit a red red rum rum rum rum rum rum, wit a red red rum...
Chorus to fade
Sound of phone hanging up
Biggie's daughter:
All you hoes, callin' here for my daddy get off his dick.
Like that Mommy?
Answering machine beep in between each message and the beat to
One More Chance in the background.
Message 1:
Hi daddy, how you doin', this is Tyiest, I was thinkin' about you last
night, mmm, you actin' like you can't call me no more cause you busy and
all that, but you tryina tell me it wasn't good?
Message 2:
That shit is real fucked up what you did, I hooked you up wit my girl
and shit you fucked her 8 times you see her you don't say SHIT to her
you know what I'm sayin? And all that bitch do is call me all day
talkin' bout you: Why the fuck do he don't want me?
Message 3:
Yo Big this is Quita, Kenya told me she saw you and Shana in the mall
and I know you aint fuckin' her. You fucked with me last night that's my
best friend and we don't get down like that.
Message 4:
Yeah muthafucka this is Stephanie, I was waitin' outside for your ass
for like a fuckin' hour, I don't know what's goin on, muthafuckas tryina
raw me, you be dissapearin' and shit I'm waitin' in the cold, what the
fuck is goin' on, when you get in give me a fuckin' call, alright?
When it comes to sex, I'm similar to the thriller in Manila
Honeys call me Bigga the condom filler
Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder
You know the ep along by James Todd Smith
I get swift with the lyrical gift
Hit you with the dick, make your kidneys shift
Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino
I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans
I'm in thirteens, know what I mean
I fuck around and hit you with the Hennessey dick
Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit
The next batter, here to shatter your bladder, it doesn't matter
Skinny or fat or white-skinned or black, baby I drop
These boricua mommies screamin Aiy papi!
I love it when they call me Big Poppa
I only smoke blunts if they roll propa
Look, I gotcha caught up in the drunk flow
Fuck tae kwon do, I tote da fo'-fo'
For niggaz gettin mad cause they bitch chose me
A big black motherfucker with g ya see
All I do is separate the game from the truth
Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia
Gettin Physical like Olivia Newt
Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
So gimme a hoe, a bankroll and a bag of weed
I'm guaranteed to fuck her till her nose bleed
Even if your new man's a certified mack
You'll get that H-town in ya, you'll want that old thing back
Oh Biggie gimme one more chance
I got that good dick girl, ya didn't know
Repeat
Is my mind playin tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick
Willie D, havin nightmares of girls killin me
She mad because what we had didn't last
I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
Fuck the past let's dwell on the 500 SL, the E and J and ginger ale
The way my pockets swell to the rim with Benjamins
Another hon's in the crib, please send her in
I fuck nonstop, lick my lips alot, used to lick the clits alot
But lickin clits had to stop
Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below
Peep the funk flow, really though
I got the cleanest meanest penis, ya never seen this stroke of genius
So take off your Tim boots and your bodysuit
I mean the spandex and hit my man next
Sex gettin rougher when it come to the nut buster
Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
I don't chase em, I replace em
and if I'm caressin em, I'm undressin em
Fuck whatcha heard who's the best in New York
For fillin fantasies without that nigga Mr. Rourke?
Or Tattoo I got you wrapped around my dick
And when I'm done I got to split shit
Back shots is my position, I gotcha wishin for an intermission
Fuck the kissin, lickin down to your belly button, I ain't frontin
They don't call me B.I.G. for nuttin, all of a sudden
Oh Biggie gimme one more chance
I got that good dick girl you didn't know
Repeat
Intro: The Notorious B.I.G. (Diddy) - Bridge in the background
Uhh...
What? (That's right! Bad Boy!)
What? Uhh!
Uhh, Uhh! Lyrically I'm, uhh!
Uhh, check it out!
Uhh, lyrically I'm...
Uhh... uhh, uhh!
What?
Junior M.A.F.I.A.! (Remix)
Uhh, Junior M.A.F.I.A.!
Bridge: Faith Evans
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm! Yeeeeeeeeah, yeeeeeeeeeah!
So goooooood, so goooooood!
I loooove you sooooooo much!
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance...
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance...
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance...
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance...
The Notorious B.I.G.:
First things first, I poppa! - Freaks all the honies! (uh-huh!)
Dummies! (uh!) - Playboy bunnies, those wantin' money.
Those the ones I like cause they don't get Nathan
But penetration, unless it smells like sanitation.
Garbage, I turn like doorknobs,
Heart throb? Never! - Black and ugly as ever!
However - I stay Coogi down to the socks
Rings and watch filled with rocks! (uh!)
And my jam knock in your Mitsubishi
Girls pee pee when they see me (uh-huh!) navajos creep me in they tee pee! (uh!)
As I lay down laws like Alan Coppet
Stop it! (uh!) - If you think they gonna make a prophet!
Don't see my ones, don't see my guns! - Get it?
Now tell ya friends Poppa hit it (uh!) then split it!
In two as I flow with the Junior M.A.F.I.A. (uh!)
I don't know what the hell's stoppin' ya!
I'm clockin ya, Versace shades watchin' ya! (uh-huh!)
Once ya grin, I'm in, game begin! (uh!)
First I talk about how I dresses this,
In diamond necklasses, stretch Lexuses! (whooo!)
The sex is just immaculate from the back I get
Deeper and deeper! - Help ya reach the (uh-huh!)
Climax that your man can't make
Call him, tell him you'll be home real late, and sing the break! (uh!)
Chorus 1: Faith Evans (The Notorious B.I.G.) &amp; (Puff Daddy)
Baabyyyyyy, heeeeere I am (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
Aaaaall, I neeeeed is ooooone more chaaaaaance! One more chance...
IIIII can heeelp (uh!) you fiiiiiind, yourseeeeelf! (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
Cause you, don't neeeeeed (uh!) noboooo-dy eeeeelse! - One more chaaaance... (Remix! )
The Notorious B.I.G. (Puff Daddy):
She's sick of that song on how it's so long
Thought he worked his until I handled my biz,
There I is! (uh!) - Major Payne like Damon Wayans (uh-huh!)
Low Down Dirty even like his brother Keenan.
Schemin'! (uh!) - Don't leave ya girl round me
True player for real, ask Puff Dad-dy! (yeeeah! )
You ringin' bells with bags from Chanel
Baby Benz, traded in your Hyundai Excel. (uh!)
Fully equipped, CD changer with the cell (uh-huh!)
She beeped me, meet me at twelve! (uh!)
Where you at? Flippin' jobs, payin car notes? (yeeeah! )
While I'm swimmin' in ya women like the breast stroke! (uh-huh! )
Right stroke, left stroke was the best stroke
Death stroke - tongue all down her throat! (uh-huh!)
Nuttin left to do but send her home to you,
I'm through! - Can ya sing the song for me, boo?
Chorus 2: Faith Evans (The Notorious B.I.G.)
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance!
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance!
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
The Notorious B.I.G. (Puff Daddy):
So, what's it gonna be? - Him or me? (uh!)
We can cruise the world with pearls, gator boots for girls. (uh-huh!)
The envy of all women - crushed linen!
Cartier wrist-wear with diamonds in 'em. (whoooo!)
The finest women I love with a passion
Ya man's a wimp, I give that ass a good thrashin'!
High fashion - flyin' into all states (uh!)
Sexin me while ya man masturbates! (uhh, uhh! )
Isn't this great? Your flight leaves at eight
Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds. (uh!)
Lyrically I'm supposed to represent (what?)
I'm not only the client, I'm the player president! (uh!)
Chorus 2: x1/2
Chorus 1
Outro: Diddy (The Notorious B.I.G.)
Bad Boy, Bad Boy!
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
EastCoast, EastCoast...
WestCoast, WestCoast...
Intro: CJ Wallace (Diddy) (B.I.G.) - Bridge in the background
Uhh...
What? (That's right! )
That's right!
Uhh, uhh!
Bad Boy! (Bad Boy! )
What? Uhh, uhh (What? Uhh!)
(Uhh, uhh, what?) Lyrically I'm! (Lyrically I'm!)
(Uhh, uhh!) Uhh, uhh, check it out! (Check it out!)
(Uhh, uhh!) Uhh, lyrically I'm
(Uhh... uhh, uhh!)
(What?) What? (Uhh, Junior M.A.F.I.A.!)
(Uhh!) Junior M.A.F.I.A.! (Remix)
CJ, uhh!
Bridge: Faith Evans
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm! Yeeeeeeeeah, yeeeeeeeeeah!
So goooooood, so goooooood!
I loooove you sooooooo much!
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance...
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance...
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance...
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance...
The Notorious B.I.G. {CJ Wallace}:
{First things first! } I Poppa - freaks all the honies (uh-huh!)
Dummies! (uh!) - Playboy bunnies, those wantin' money!
Those the ones I like cause they don't get Nathan
But penetration - unless it smells like sanitation!
Garbage, I turn like doorknobs
Heartthrob? Never! - Black (uh!) and ugly as ever!
{However, I stay Coogi down to the socks}
{Rings and watch filled with rocks! } (uh!)
{And my jam knock in your Mitsubishi}
{Girls pee pee when they see me, Navajos creep me in they teepee! } (uh!)
{As I lay down laws like Alan Coppet.}
{Stop it! (uh!) - If you think you're gonna make a profit? }
Don't see my ones, don't see my guns! - Get it?
Now tell ya friends Poppa hit it, then split it (uh!)
In two {as I flow with the Junior M.A.F.I.A.}
{I don't know what the hell's stoppin' ya! }
{I'm clockin' ya, Versace shade watchin' ya! }
{Once ya grin, I'm in, game begin! } (uh!)
{First I talk about how I dresses this}
{In diamond necklasses, stretch Lexuses! } (whooo!)
The sex is just immaculate from the back I get
Deeper and deeper (uh!) help ya reach the! (uh!)
Climax that your man can't make,
(Call him, tell him you'll be home real late, now sing the break! Uhh! }
Chorus 1: Faith Evans (CJ &amp; Biggie)
Baabyyyyyy, heeeeere I am (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
Aaaaall, I neeeeed is ooooone, more chaaaaaance! One more chance...
IIIII can heeelp you fiiiiiind, yourseeeeelf! (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
Cause you, don't neeeeeed, noboooo-dy eeeeelse! - One more chaaaance... (remix)
The Notorious B.I.G. {CJ Wallace}:
She's sick of that song on how it's so long
Thought he worked his until I handled my biz.
There I is! (uh!) {Major Payne like Damon Wayans! } (uh-huh!)
{Low Down, Dirty even, like his brother Keenan! }
Schemin'! (uh!) - Don't leave ya girl 'round me
True player for real {ask Puff Dad-dy! } (uh!)
You ringin bells with bags from Chanel
Baby Benz, traded in your Hyundai Excel, uh!
{Fully equipped, CD changer with the cell! }
{She beeped me, meet me at twelve! }
Where you at? - Flippin' jobs, payin' car notes? (yeeeah!)
While I'm swimmin in ya women like the breast stroke! (uh-huh!)
Right stroke, left stroke was the best stroke
Death stroke - tongue all down her throat! (uh-huh!)
Nuttin' left to do but send her home to you;
I'm through! - {Can ya sing the song for me, Boo? }
Chorus 2: Faith Evans (CJ &amp; Biggie) {CJ}
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance!
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
{Uhh, what? Uhh... uhh, uhh! - Ya didn't know? Uhh! }
One more chaaaaaaance! - Biggie give me one more chaaaance!
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
{Uhh, uhh, uhh... what? What?) One more chaaaaaaance...
CJ Wallace (The Notorious B.I.G.):
So, what's it gonna be, him or me? (uh!)
We can cruise the world with pearls, gator boots for girls! (uh-huh!)
The envy of all women - crushed linen
Cartier wrist-wear with diamonds in 'em. (whoooo!)
(Finest women I love with a passion!)
(Ya man's a wimp, I give that ass a good thrashin!)
(High fashion - flyin' into all states?)
(Sexin' me while ya man masturbates!)
(Isn't this great?) Your flight leaves at eight
(Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds, uh!)
Lyrically I'm supposed (uh!) to represent
I'm not only a client (what?) I'm the Player President! (uh!)
Chorus 2: x1/2
Chorus 1
Outro: Diddy (The Notorious B.I.G.)
Bad Boy, Bad Boy!
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
EastCoast, EastCoast...
WestCoast, WestCoast...
I was a terror since the public school era
Bathroom passes, cuttin classes, squeezing asses
Smoking blunts was a daily routine
Since thirteen, a chubby nigga on the scene
I used to have the tre` duce
And the deuce deuce in my bubblegoose
Now i got a mac in my knapsack
Loungin' black, smoking sacks up in acts
And sidekicks with my sidekicks rockin fly kicks
Honeys want to chat
But all we wanna know is Where the party at?
And can i bring my gat?
If not, I hope I don't get shot
But i throw my vest on my chest
'Cause niggaz is a mess
It don't take nothin' but frontin' 
For me to start somethin'
Buggin' and barkin' at niggaz like i was duck huntin'
Dumbing out, just me and my crew
Cause all we wanna do is...
Chorus:
Party... And bullshit, and... x9
Hugs from the honeys, Pounds from the roughnecks
Seen my man Sei that I knew from the projects
Said he had beef, asked me if I had my peice
Sure do, two .22's in my shoes
Holler if you need me love i'm in the house
Roam and strollin' see what the honeys is about
Moet popping, hoe hopping, ain't no stopping Big Poppa, I'm a BAD BOY
Niggaz wanna front, who got your back? (BIGGIE!)
Niggaz wanna flex, who got the gat? (BIGGIE!)
It ain't hard to tell I'm the east coast overdoser
Nigga you scared you're supposed to
Nigga I told ya, put fear in your heart
Fuck up the party before it even start
Pissy drunk, off the Henny and skunk
Or some brand-nubian shit beatin' down punks!
Chorus
Bitches in the back looking righteous
In a tight dress, i think i might just
Hit her with a little Biggie 101, How to tote a gun 
And have fun with Jamaican rum
Conversations, blunts in rotation
My man Big Jacques got the glock in his waist and
we're smoking, drinking, got the hooker thinking
If money smell bad than this nigga Biggie stinking
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin out my palm
She grabbed my arm and said Let's leave calm
I'm hittin' skins again
Rolled up another blunt, bought a Heineken
Niggaz start to loke out, a kid got choked out
Blows was thrown and a fucking fight broke out
Music stops, indecipherable sounds of people yelling and arguing, 
Biggie breaks it up yelling Yo chill, man, chill!
Can't we just all get along?
So i can put hickies on her chest like Li'l Shawn
Get her pissy drunk off of Don Perrignon
And it's on, and I'm gone
that's that.
Chorus w/ Puff talking after selected lines
Party... and Bullshit, (Party.)
and Party... and Bullshit, (Bullshit.)
and Party... and Bullshit, (Party.)
and Party... and Bullshit, (Bullshit.)
and Party... and Bullshit, (Yea... Junior Mafia likes that.)
and Party... and Bullshit, 
and Party... and Bullshit, (Uptown likes that.)
and Party... and Bullshit, 
and Party... and Bullshit, (Bad Boy likes that.)
and Party... and Bullshit, 
and Party... and Bullshit, (Brooklyn Crew likes that.)
and Party... and Bullshit, 
and Party... and Bullshit, (Third Eye likes that.)
and Party... and Bullshit, 
Repeats until fade out
Good evening
And for my last hit
I'd like to take you back to the classic
A-hem, B.I.G. style of course
Uhh
singing
Playaahh, turn your head round
Lay on the ground, you've been robbed
Wake up, open the door
Lay on the floor, you've been robbed
Uhh
You know, we need this money
And you, yes baby, you, should just roll with me
Let's go off, together
On this robbin spree, we'll make money
Uhh
Playaahh, turn your head round
Take off that crown, you've been robbed
Wake up, open the door
Don't cry no more, you've been robbed
You see, there are two kind of people in the world today
We have, the playaz, and we have, the playa haters
Please don't hate me because I'm beautiful baby
Hear what they talk, about me
But my crew so deep, you can't do, a damn thing, to me
Playahh, open the door
Lay on the floor, you've been robbed
Wake up (wake your ass up), take off your jewels
You fuckin fools, you've been robbed (this is a robbery nigga)
Playahh playahh (hater), Playahh playahh (hater)
Playahh playahh (hater), Playahh playahh (hater)
Playahh hater!! (hater) Playahh hater!! (hater)
Playahh hater!! (hater) Playahh hater!! (hater)
Uhh, thank you... thank you very much *applause*
Thank you thank you far too kind, far too kind
Thank you, thank you very much
Good night everybody, good night!
I love all of you, thank you thank you
Thank you, thank you very much
Good night!
Notorious B.I.G.
Niggaz... bitches...
Uhh
Chorus: B.I.G.
(Niggaz) Grab your dick if you love hip-hop
(Bitches) Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa
Gotcha, open off the words I say because
This type of shit it happens everyday - Slick Rick
Check it out, uhh
Now who smoke more blunts than a little bit?
What are you a idiot?
Listen to the lyrics I spit like M1's
Got mad guns up in the cabin
Cause Cease ain't the one for the dibbin and dabbin shit
I make it happen, you got your ass caught
All you saw was fire, from the Honda Passport
or the M.P., what if you see, then I miss ya
I blow up spots like little sisters
G'wan grit ya teeth, g'wan bite ya nails to the cuticles
Like Murray, my killings, be the most beautiful
Junior M.A.F.I.A. click, thick like Luke dancers
Niggaz grab your gats, bitches take a glance at
the little one, pullin over in the Land Rover
Playin Big Willie style with a chaffeur, yaknahmean?
Stack the green, read all between the lines
A nigga act up, makes the bastard hard to find
Chorus: repeat 2X
(How ya livin Biggie Smalls?) I'm surrounded by criminals
Heavy rollers even the sheisty individuals
Smokin skunk and mad Phillies
Beatin down Billy Badasses, cracks in stacks and masses
If robbery's a class, bet I pass it
Shit get drastic, I'm buryin ya bastards
Big Poppa never softenin
Take you to the church, rob the preacher for the offerin
Leave the fucker coughin up blood, and his pockets like rabbit ears
Covered the wife, kleenex for the kid's tears
Versace wear, Moschino on my bitches
She whippin my ride, countin my onec12
Well it's the Funk Docta Spock..
Meth-Tical..
Biggie.. Biggie.. (mmmhmmmmmm)
Notorious B.I.G.
Uhh.. uhh.. uhh.. (yo c'mon Big) uhh..
Fuck that, I preach it, my nine reaches
the prestigious, cats that speak this, Willie shit
Flooded pieces, my hand releases, snatches
Smack ya cabbage, half-ass rappers, shouldn't have it
So I grab it, never run, the outcome
is usually, a beatdown brutally, fuck who you be
or where you're from, West or East coast, squeeze toast
Leave most in the blood they layin in, what, what?
The rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out
It's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth
It's more than I expected, I thought your jewels was rented
but they wasn't, so run it, cousin
I could chill, the heat doesn't
Ran up in your shell about a dozen
You never see bank like Frank White
Your hand clutchin, your chest-plate contemplate
You 'bout to die, nigga wait, keep yo' hands high
Redman
Yo.. yo yo
I don't brownnose out of town hoes
I'm up around fo' with the crowbar to the five point oh
I get bagged, I'm John Doe, suspect
You ass like prime roastin, Calvin Klein clothes
Explode the pyros when Doc guest appear
I'm out there, I bought it with George Jetson here
Your time is near, so get your body dropped off
I stopped trustin niggaz since Gotti got caught
It's Bricks keep your wrist covered, or piss colored
By the waist got a gun as dark as Kris brother
I.C.U., my sheisty crew, like ice me too
I break your legs, leave your eyes slightly blue
The Doc was born with a grenade palm
I'm concurrent in your hood like a, teenage mom
Yo Biggie (what? what?) She havin my bay-bayy
If I pull out the A.K., keep your hands high
This rule is so underrated.. -&gt; B.I.G.
Actin as if it can't happen, you're frontin -&gt; Meth
Ain't no other kings in this rap thing.. -&gt; B.I.G.
Biggie, a motherfuckin rap phenomenon -&gt; B.I.G.
repeat all 2X
Notorious B.I.G.
Uhh, uhh
I got a new mouth to feed, I'm due South with keys
Y'all pick seeds out y'all weed, I watch cowards bleed
Motherfucker please, it's my block with my rocks
Fuck that hip-hop, them one-two's, and you don't stops
Me and my nigga Lance, took Kim and Cee's advance
Bought ten bricks, four pounds of weed plants
from Branson, now we lampin, twelve room mansion
Bitches get naked off Get Money, Player's Anthem
Don't forget, One More Chance and, my other hits, other shit
niggaz spit be counterfeit, robbery come actually
in and out like fuckin rapidly, pass the gat to me
Make his chest rest, where his back should be, talkin blasphemy
Blastin me, your family, rest in coffins often
Frank Wizzard, fuck you soft or fragilla
Play hard like Reggie Miller, rapper, slash dope dealer
slash Gorilla, slash illest turned killer
Method Man
Now now
Don't approach me with that rah rah shit, you out of pocket
I take these adolescents back to Spofford
Mentally my energy, is like a figure eight, on it's side
that's infinity -- too many sick niggaz, nickel nines;
bring the remedy -- when you play the field, what's the penalty
Unnecessary roughness, career endin injuries for suckers
Stuck on stupid, shoot em with a dart like Cupid
until they got love for my music
Star Wars I'm Han Solo, with three egoes
and three charges, I got to See-three-P.O.'s
This is whoop-yo'-ass-day, the sequel
Eyeball blower with no equal, niggaz swingin swords in the WAR
that's my people, sho' nuff, befo' I roll up
This is a hold up, hands high, reach for the sky
I rep S.I., the unpretty, word to Left Eye
New York Shitty, put they weight on it
And who better for the job than Biggie?  The Notorious
Jeee-zus, Unbelievable rhyme that reaches
and touch individual, small frame buck and change
MC, What's-Your-Name, tuck your chain
All about the fortune, fuck the fame, labels still extortin
Kick me when I'm down, but I'm up again, scorchin
Hot -- forcin my way up in the door
to kill the bullshit like a matador
Keep your hands high (what?)
Yeah...
Yeah...
(You ready motherfucker?)
(We gon' kill your ass)
As I grab the glock, put it to your headpiece
One in the chamber, the safety is off release
Straight at your dome homes, I wanna see cabbage
Biggie Smalls the savage, doin your brain cells much damage
Teflon is the material for the imperial
mic ripper girl stripper the Henny sipper
I drop lyrics off and on like a lightswitch
Quick to grab the right bitch and make her drive
the Q-45, glocks and tecs are expected when I wreck shit
Respect is collected, so check it
I got techniques drippin out my buttcheeks
Sleep on my stomach so I don't fuck up my sheets, huh
My shit is deep, deeper than my grave G
I'm ready to die and nobody can save me
Fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl
My life is played out like a jheri curl, I'm ready to die
As I sit back and look when I used to be a crook
Doin whatever it took from snatchin chains to pocketbooks
A big BAD motherfucker on the wrong road
I got some drugs tried to get the avenue sold
I want it all from the Rolexes
to the Lexus gettin paid, is all I expected
My mother didn't give me what I want, what the fuck?
Now I got a glock, makin motherfuckers duck
Shit is real, and hungry's how I feel
I rob and steal because that money got that whip appeal
Kickin niggaz down the steps just for rep
Any repercussion lead to niggaz gettin wet
The infrared's at your head real steady
You better grab your guns cause I'm ready, ready
I'm ready to die!
(Nah we ain't gon' kill your ass yet)
(We gonna make you suffer)
In a sec I throw the tec to your fuckin neck
Everybody hit the deck, Biggie bout to get some wreck
Quick to leave you in a coffin, for slick talkin
You better act like CeCe, and keep on walkin
When I hit ya, I split ya to the white meat
You swung on like you slumber right you fell to the conrete
Your face, my feet, they meet, we're stompin
I'm rippin MC's from Tallahassee, to Compton
Biggie Smalls on a higher plane
Niggaz say I'm strange deranged because I put the 12 gauge to your brain
Make your shit splatter
Mix the blood like batter then my pocket gets fatter
after the hit, leave you on the street with your neck split
down your backbone to where your motherfuckin cheek drip
The shit I kick, rip it through the vest
Biggie Smalls passin any test, I'm ready to die!
I'm ready
(Time to go, we gonna put you out your misery motherfucker)
Niggaz definitely know what time it is
The Notorious one in full effect
for ninety-three!
Suicidal, I'm ready!
(Now I lay me down to sleep)
Yeah
(Pray the Lord my soul to keep)
(If I should die before I wake)
(I pray the Lord my soul to take)
(Cause I'm ready to die)
(All y'all motherfuckers come with me if you want to)
(Biggie Smalls the biggest man)
(Rockin on and on in ninety-three, Easy Mo Bee)
(Third Eye, and the rest of the Bad Boy fam)
(I don't wanna see no cryin at my funeral)
Nineteen-seventy somethin', nigga I don't sweat the date
My moms is late so I had to plan my escape
out the skins, in this world of fly girls
Tanqueray and Hennessy until I cold hurl
Ten months in this gut, what the fuck
I wish moms'd hurry up so I could get buck
wild, juvenile rippin' mics and shit
New York New York, ready for the likes of this, uh
Then came the worst date, May 21st
2:19, that's when my momma water burst
No spouse in the house so she rode for self
to the hospital, to see if she could get a little help
Umbilical cord's wrapped around my neck
I'm seein' my death and I ain't even took my first step
I made it out, I'm bringin' mad joy
The doctor looked and said, He's gonna be a Bad Boy
Now I'm thirteen, smokin' blunts, makin' cream
On the drug scene, fuck a football team
Riskin' ruptured spleens by the age of sixteen
Hearin' the coach scream at my lifetime dream, I mean
I wanna blow up, stack my dough up
So school I didn't show up, it fucked my flow up
Mom said that I should grow up and check myself
before I wreck myself, disrespect myself
Put the drugs on the shelf?  Nah, couldn't see it
Scarface, King of New York, I wanna be it
Rap was secondary, money was necessary
Until I got incarcerated--kinda scary
C74-Mark 8 set me straight
Not able to move behind the great steel gate
Time to contemplate, damn, where did I fail?
All the money I stacked was all the money for bail
Ninety-four, now I explore new horizons
Mama smile when she see me, that's surprisin'
Honeys is tantalizin', they freak all night
Peep duckin' cops on the creep all night
As I open my eyes and realizin' I changed
Not the same deranged child stuck up in the game
And to my niggas livin' street life
Learn to treat life to the best, put stress to rest
Still tote your vest man, niggas be trippin'
In the streets without a gat?  Nah, nigga you're slippin'
If I'm pimpin on The F with weed on my breath
Original hustler with the muffler on the Tec
Respect to the Mac's and the Ac's
To the freaks in the Jeeps, lick shots to my peeps
Notorious B.I.G.
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Where Brooklyn at?
1, 2, 3, and...
Fabolous
Now they say you ain't never suppose to envy no man
Can't tell that to a dingy old man
Who see a young nigga getting plently dough man
Icy Audemar, hendy gold band
With a mean girl like Lindsay Lohan
That's why I keep the 9 in the Bently door pan
Trust it's gon' bust you roll on us
Know it's gon' blow for my dough
Why would you try with that guy
Scene told u he keep it G
We can bang like the two chains on my neck
The hood is Iraq I'm Hussein in the 'jects
The coup's up take the new Lame for a sec
12 up, new cane in the deck nigga
Right now with a squeezer and a coozie
And I'm goin out like Keyshia with the uzzi
Chorus
They talk about it, we all about it
They making plans, we sit and counting
Our cheddar stack it's just like a mountain
You heard about it cause she running her mouth
She want's to ride, and she's trying to hide it
I'm cool as ever, she's too excited
Her man look like, he want to fight
But he ain't doing nothing, but running his mouth
Notorious B.I.G.
Fuck around and feel the fury of a high nigga
When I get busy throw your hands in the sky nigga
I got the illest of the ill mentality, niggas be grabbing me
Knowing that they'd rather be stabbing me
All up in my back trying to take my track
When I used to sell crack I ain't had problems like that
Street rules, watch your pockets and your jewels
A nigga front, throw the gat to the fool
Necks wanna move but's getting blasted
Streets to a flows from the ill ghetto bastard
As I release masterpieces like adhesive
Stuck to your ass, like tissue when your wiping fast
MC's have a hard time believing
I mark with death, hard to kill like Steven
When Jake come I'm leaving, the black man's motto
You got a better chance playing lotto
What you want nigga?
Chorus
Busta Rhymes
Ah, Yo
Now watch me dip-dip-di-dive all over the beat
Now watch me drip-drip-dri-di all over the street
The general consensus is you'll be the dominating fleet
Bitch raw, and let me continue to bring the heat
You know who been the kings of the block, the kings of the drops
The kings of the crap music and the kings of the cross
Niggas fire then drop shit like the purest of powder
That's why most of these niggas little song be sounding like ours
Couple years ago, niggas probably thought I was dieing
Now same niggas	are idolizing put our face in the shrine
Yeah I took a little time to cook and show you what's really hot
How the fuck any of you niggas think you feeling my spot
Why you niggas getting mad at us, we shit on your floors
All in your house nigga, our strategies is different from yours
Listen, you come you can do it while I continue to preach
Snoop, fam, bigger Bust of the stand if you can't reach
Chorus
Uhhh, uhhh
Fox then B.I.G.
Who fucking with Fox, who want it with I
Bust a shot for me and Big from the villfredo sky
Got my joan fross shit on, hop off my dick
Canary bangle-round I ain't gon' 20 carrots on this bitch
Pull up the Phantom, show 'em how we switch
From the Bentley blinds spur kill 'em with the six
Bedstuy what up y'all, what up with your girl
How she leave dude broke tell them boys on work
I'm in the G5 jedi, Brooklyn what's your chrome
Cause that niggas lieing home if the tutti with the dead-eye
My nigga Neck got hit up in his truck
And no Stranel ain't the same since Homo got touched
Nasty with the pistol, nasty with the clit
See I'm a beast with it, fucking 'til I'm crippled
Ill nuns squeezing the lhama
Bog roll dutty, Fox and Poppa
Snoop Dogg
Run for your gun you suckers
B.I.G. I'm a get them motherfuckers
Don't you worry about a thing, bang-bang-boogie
I got a few chickens that's gon' work that noggie
In the lack with a sack go and put it on the mat
What it do nephew (Where Brooklyn at?)
Uh, turning it out, run in your house
Gun in your mouth, motherfucker quit running your mouth
Chorus
What you really want from a nigga?...
Notorious B.I.G.
Good evenin ladies and gentlemen
How's everybody doin tonite?
I'd like to welcome to the stage, the lyrically acclaimed, ha
I like this young man, because, when he came out
he came out wit the phrase, he went from ashy to classy
Ha, I like that
So everybody in the house, give a warm, round of applause for
The Notorious B.I.G. *clapping*
The Notorious B.I.G. ladies and gentlemen give it up for him ya'll
Uhhh
A nigga never been as broke as me, I like that
When I was young I had two pair of Lees, besides that
The pin stripes and the gray (uh-huh)
The one I wore on Mondays and Wednesdays
While niggas flirt, I'm sewing tigers on my shirt
and alligators
Ya wanna see the inside, huh, I see ya later
Here come the drama, oh, that's that nigga wit the fake, blaow!
Why you punch me in my face, stay in ya place
Play ya position, here come my intuition
Go in this nigga pocket
Rob him while his friends watchin
That hoes clockin, here comes respect
His crew's your crew, or they might be next
Look at they man eye, BIG man they never try
So we roll wid em, stole wid em
I mean loyalty, niggaz bought me milks at lunch
The milks was chocolate, the cookies, buttercrunch
In here, eyes crossed from blue and white dust
Pass the blunt
112
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, pressin what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want, have what you want, be what you want
Notorious B.I.G.
Uh-huh, I was a shame, my crew was lame
I have enough heart for most of em
Long as I got stuff from most of em
It's on, even when I was wrong I got my point across
They depicted me the boss, of course
My orange box-cutter make the world go round
Plus I'm fuckin, bitches ain't my homegirls now
Start stackin, dabbled in crack, gun packin
Nickname Medina, make the seniors tote my ninas
From gym class, to Englass, pass off a global
The only nigga wit a mobile, Can't You See like Total
Gettin larger in waist and taste
Ain't no tellin where this felon is headin, just in case
Keep a shell at the tip of ya melon, clear da space
Ya brain was a terrible thing ta waste
Eighty-eight long gates, snatch initial name plates
Smokin spliffs wit niggaz, real life beginner killers
Prayin God forgive us for being sinners, help us out
112
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, pressin what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want, have what you want, be what you want
Notorious B.I.G.
After realizin, to master enterprisin
I ain't have ta be in school by ten, I was in
Began to encounter, wit my counter-parts
I holla burn the block apart, break it down into sections
Drugs by the selection
Some use pipes, others use in-jec-tions
Syringe sold seperately, Frank the deputy
Quick to grab my Smith-n-Wessun, like my dick was missin
To protect my position, my corner, my layer
While we out here, say the hustlas prayer
If the game shakes me or breaks me
I hope it makes me a better man
Take a better stand
Put money in my moms hand
Get my daughter this college plan, so she don't need no man
Stay far from timid
Only make moves when ya heart's in it
And live the phrase Sky's The Limit
Motherfucker... see you chumps on top
112
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, pressin what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
...
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want...
I'm sitting in the crib dreaming about Leer jets and coupes
The way Salt shoops and how they sell records like Snoop
Oops!
I'm interrupted by a doorbell
3:52, who the hell
Is this?
I gets up quick
Cocks my shit
Stop the dogs from barking
Then proceed to walking
Its a face that I seen before
My nigga Sing, we used to sling on the 16th floor
Check it
I look deeper
I see blood up on his sneakers
And his fist gripped a chrome four-fifth
So I dip
Nigga, is you creeping or speaking?
He tells me C-Rock just got hit up at the beacon
I opens up the door, pitiful
Is he in critical?
Retaliation for this one won't be minimal
Cuz I'm a criminal
Way before the rap shit
Bust the gat shit
Puff won't even know what happened,
If it's done smoothly
Silencers on the Uzi
Stash in the hooptie
My alibi, any cutie
With a booty that don't fuck the Pop
Head spinning, reminiscing bout my man C-Rock
Chorus: repeat 2X
Somebody's gotta die
If I got, you gotta go
Somebody's gotta die
Let the gunshots blow
Somebody's gotta die
Nobody gotta know
That I killed yo ass in the mist, kid
Filling clips he explained our situation
Precisely, so we know exactly what we facing
Some kid named Jason
In a Honda station waggon
Was bragging
About how much loot and crack he stacking
Rock had a grip so they formed up a clique
Small crew
'Round the time I was locked up with you
True indeed
But yo nigga let me proceed
Don't fill them clips too high
Give them bullets room to breathe
Damn where was I?
Yeah
One night in town
Blew the fuck up
D-Rock went home
And Jay got stuck the fuck up
Hit 'em twice
Got 'em right for the virgin white
Pistol whipped his kids
And taped up his wife
He said Yo Rock, set em up, no question
Wet em up no less
Than 50 shots in his direction
How many shots?
Man nigga, I seen mad holes
What kinda gats?
Hitch links, Cocks, and Calicoles
But fuck that
I know where all them niggas rest at
In the building hustling
And they don't be strapped
Supreme in black
Is downstairs, the engine running
Find a bag to put the guns in
And c'mon if yo coming
Chorus
Exchanged hugs and pounds before the throw down
How its gonna go down
Lay these niggas low-down
Slow down
Fuck all that planning shit
Run up in they cribs
And make them cats abandon shit
See niggas like you do ten year bids
Miss the niggas they want
And murder innocent kids
Not I
One niggas in my eye
That's Jason
Ain't no slugs gonna be wasted
Revenge I'm tasting at the tip of my lips
I can't wait to feel my clip in his hips
Pass the chocolate
Thai
Sing ain't lie
There's Jason with his back to me
Talking to his faculty
I start to get a funny feelings
Put the mask on in case his niggas start squealing
Scream his name out
Squeeze six knuckles shorter
Nigga turned around holding his daughter
Notorious...
B.I.G.:
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
squeeze your clip hit the right one,
pass that weed I got to light one,
Squeeze your clip
hit the right one,
pass that weed I got to light one,
Armed and dangerous, ain't too many can bang with us,
Straight up weed no angel dust, label us notorious, thug ass niggas that love to bust, it's strange to us,
You all niggas be scrambling gambling, up in restaurants with mandolins and violins,
We're just sitting here trying to win, trying not to sin,
High off weed and lots of gin, so much smoke need oxygen,
Steadily countin' them benjamins, nigga you should to if you knew what this game would do to you,
Been in this shit since '92, look at all the bullshit I've been through,
So called beef with you know who, fucked a few female stars or two,
Then a bluelight niggas knew like
Mike-shit not to be fuck with. Motherfucker better duck quick.
'cause me and my dogs love to buck shit, fuck the luck shit strictly aim
No asperation to quit the game.
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks,
Squeeze your clip and hit the right one
Pass that weed l gotta light one
All them niggas l gotta fight one
All them hoes l gotta like one
Our situation is a tight one
What you wanna do? Fight or run?
Twista
Making money livin' marvelous, in god we trust,
Don't too many niggas wanna start with us, got big guns in the cars with us,
Bust at any motherfucker acting hard with us,
Don't really wanna show you what a G.I.B., I'd rather be sippin' Remy in V.I.P.,
When you hear the music it'll be by me, Twista with the legendary nigga B.I.G.,
Brooklyn and K-town, when you checking out the flow, you know it's going rain with persistence,
2 legends on the same track, 2 different plains of existence,
Let's get it crackin' I love to bust flows, hit it from the back 'cause I love to buck hoe,
Spit it for the city I love Chicago, cali-coes buck, I love to bust those,
You think you can spit on the Mike like Biggie and flow just as steady as I,
shit is real you know you love him,
you ain't got Ready to Die, Life After Death,
give to 'em, however you wanna nigga, that a day after, give it to you, however you wanna nigga,
'cause the shit is giddie, so I carry big heat, screamin' come and get me,
Twista and Biggie on the Swizz beat,
3 mils I love to make 1, all these cars I love to ride 1,
All these hoes I love to cut 1,
a tribute to BIG,
I love to bust 1,
Bone Thugs N Harmony
In the middle of it hammer, bring niggas more drama than they baby mama, nigga wanna battle I will bomb you,
One man but attack like a pack of piranhas, like terracotta,
Niggas always ready for war, they don't really wanna see a nigga though,
We can hit 'em in a minute, then be finished with 'em
Hit 'em with the venom of a nigga with a sick-o floor
Here with Swizz, oh, no! Nigga's in trouble,
Somebody better call po-po, it's gonna be murder when I get to serving them burners (yeah),
And niggas you all heard of me, brick city killer, nigga word to me,
And I'm passed that like Bernie Magic, with a jack that'll snatch that rep, and stack some, drag him,
Double on that back random, with the bullets stop brand him,
Feeling hard you can't harass him,
Put it up in your magic, catch the magnum flashing cannons, niggas ain't ready for this 1, '
cause I'm on a mission to get even better than believe it I'm heavily heated,
It's easy to see it, if you wanna see me let that be the reason.
RING, RING
(Hello? Aw shit, nigga.  What the fuck time is it, man?
Oh god damn. Nigga do you know what time it is?
Aw shit, what the fuck's goin' on? You alright?
Aw, nigga what the fuck is wrong wit you?)
When I die, fuck it I wanna go to hell
Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell
It don't make sense, goin' to heaven wit the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Tims and black hoodies
God will probably have me on some real strict shit
No sleepin' all day, no gettin my dick licked
Hangin' with the goodie-goodies loungin' in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wished she got a fuckin' abortion
She don't even love me like she did when I was younger
Suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger
I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies
My babies' mothers 8 months, her little sister's 2
Who's to blame for both of them (naw nigga, not you)
I swear to God I just want to slit my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit
And squeeze, until the bed's, completely red
I'm glad I'm dead, a worthless fuckin' buddah head
The stress is buildin' up, I can't,
I can't believe suicide's on my fuckin' mind
I want to leave, I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
Naw you wouldn't understand (nigga, talk to me please)
You see its kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back
Should I die on the train track, like Remo in Beatstreet
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me
My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone
She knew me and her sista had somethin' goin' on
I reach my peak, I can't speak,
call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak.
I'm sick of niggas lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin',
matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin'.
BANG
(hey yo big...hey yo big)
Chuck D One two three four five six seven eight nine
Uhh, it's the ten crack commandments
What, uhh, uhh
Nigga can't tell me nothin bout this coke, uh-huh
Can't tell me nothin bout this crack, this weed
To my hustlin niggaz
Niggaz on the corner I ain't forget you niggaz
My triple beam niggaz, word up
Chuck D One two three four five six seven eight nine
TEN
I been in this game for years, it made me a animal
It's rules to this shit, I wrote me a manual
A step by step booklet for you to get
your game on track, not your wig pushed back
Rule nombre uno: never let no one know
how much, dough you hold, cause you know
The cheddar breed jealousy 'specially
if that man fucked up, get your ass stuck up
Number two: never let em know your next move
Don't you know Bad Boys move in silence or violence
Take it from your highness (uh-huh)
I done squeezed mad clips at these cats for they bricks and chips
Number three: never trust no-bo-dy
Your moms'll set that ass up, properly gassed up
Hoodie to mask up, shit, for that fast buck
she be layin in the bushes to light that ass up
Number four: know you heard this before
Never get high, on your own supply
Number five: never sell no crack where you rest at
I don't care if they want a ounce, tell em bounce
Number six: that god damn credit, dead it
You think a crackhead payin you back, shit forget it
Seven: this rule is so underrated
Keep your family and business completely seperated
Money and blood don't mix like two dicks and no bitch
Find yourself in serious shit
Number eight: never keep no weight on you
Them cats that squeeze your guns can hold jobs too
Number nine shoulda been number one to me
If you ain't gettin bags stay the fuck from police (uh-huh)
If niggaz think you snitchin ain't tryin listen
They be sittin in your kitchen, waitin to start hittin
Number ten: a strong word called consignment
Strictly for live men, not for freshmen
If you ain't got the clientele say hell no
Cause they gon want they money rain sleet hail snow
Follow these rules you'll have mad bread to break up
If not, twenty-four years, on the wake up
Slug hit your temple, watch your frame shake up
Caretaker did your makeup, when you pass
Your girl fucked my man Jake up, heard in three weeks
she sniffed a whole half of cake up
Heard she suck a good dick, and can hook a steak up
Gotta go gotta go, more pasta bake up, word up, uhh
Crack king, Frank Blizzard
Uhh
Chuck D One two three four five six seven eight nine
Ten
I used to get feels on a bitch
Now I throw shields on the dick
To stop me from that HIV shit
And niggaz know they soft like a Twinkie filling
Playin the villian
Prepare for this rap killin
Biggie Smalls is the illest
Your style is played out, like Arnold wondered
What you talkin bout Willis?
The thrill is gone, the black Frank White
is here to excite and
throw dick to dykes
Bitches I like em brainless
Guns I like em stainless steel
I want the fuckin Fortune like the Wheel
I squeeze gats till my clips is empty
Don't tempt me (T-H-O-D Man)
You don't want to fuck with Biggie
Here I am, I'll be damned if this ain't some shit
Come to spread the butter lyrics over hominy grit
It's the low killer death trap, yes I'm a jet black ninja
Comin where you rest at, surrender
Step inside the ring, youse the number one contender
Lookin cold booty like your pussy in December
Nigga stop bitchin, button up ya lip and
From Method all you gettin is a can of ass-whippin
Hey, I'll be kickin, you son, you doin all the yappin
Actin as if it can't happen
You front and got me mad enough to touch somethin
Yo I'm from Shaolin, Island, and ain't afraid to bust somethin
So what cha want nigga, ya punk nigga
I got a six-shooter and a horse named Trigger
It's real, ninety-four, rugged raw
Kickin down your god damn door (and it goes a lil somethin like this)
Chorus:
Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
And everything you get ya gotta work hard fot it
Honies shake your hips, ya don't stop
And niggaz pack the clips, keep on
Meth-tical, puttin niggaz back in I.C.U.
I'm lifted troop, you can bring yours wack ass crew
I got connections, I'll get that ass stuck like glue, huh
No question, I be comin down and shit
Yo I gets rugged as a motherfuckin carpet get
And niggaz love it, not in the physical form but in the mental
I spark and they cells get warm
I'm not a gentle, man, I'm a Method, Man!
Baby accept it, utmost respect it
(Assume the position) Stop look and listen
I spit on your grave then I grab my Charles Dickens
Welcome to my center
Honies feel it deep in they placenta
Cold as the pole in the winter
Far from the inventor, but I got this rap shit sewed
And when my Mac unloads
I'm guaranteed another video
Ready to die, why I act that way?
Pop Duke left Mom Duke
The faggot took the back way
So instead of makin hoes suck my dick up
I used to do stick-up
Cause hoes is irritatin like the hic-CUPS
Excuse me, flows just grow through me
Like trees to branches
Cliffs to avalanches
It's the praying mantis
Deep like the mind of Farrakhan
A motherfuckin rap phenomenon, plus
(I got more glocks and techs than you)
I make it hot (Nigga won't even stand next to you)
Nigga touch me you better bust me
tree times in the head
Or motherfucker's dead, ya thought so
Chorus: repeat 2X
Make it hot - Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X)
The world is filled, with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see
I'm just trying to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah
Now first come the cash, then come the ass
Then come big blunts with big chunks of hash
When I score with a whore she be game for sure
Pimp so hard, a nigga drag his mink on the floor
Won't you admit it?  I ain't gotta talk because I live it
Any chick fuckin with me, believe me that's a privelege
I won't be satisfied, till all my niggaz get it
See you hit it then I hit it, we get it back to split it
And Big be that nigga we be flyin through your hood
And hoodrats scopin with they eyes on my goods
See we date em like we hate em, see em like we don't need em
Treat em like we meet em, and never give up freedom
And we only give our number to selected few
And it's best that you, never knew, what good head'll do
Turn a freak to a bisexual
and if she's flexible fuck the nigga next to you
Make it hot - Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X in the background)
The world is filled, with pimps and hoes
But we'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see
I'm just trying to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah
When the Remi's in the system, ain't no tellin
Will I fuck em will I diss em, that's what these hoes yellin
I'm a pimp by blood, not relation
Y'all still chase on, I'll replace on, punks
Drunk of Dom, silk and gators
Spittin words makin birds till they flock see you later
Whether, drunk or high, skunk or thai
Nigga play against some playa shit, slugs gon fly
Ain't no lie, pimped out, the SSI
Nigga don't ask why, just respect it
She bought me the necklace, the bracelet
The Benz-o, she laced it
Crib-o, got it, interior decorated
Now my popularity grew, in each state
Now I got two in each state
Used to drink brew and eat steak
Now I pop bottles with models, larger steaks on large estates
Make it hot - Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X in background)
The world is filled, with pimps and hoes
But we'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see
I'm just trying to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah
I had a whole lotta bitches in my lifetime
I been blessed with the game always say the right lines
Had a few prostitues and if you knew the truth
They're like pimps, you can't let em do it to you
She ain't no sucker, I know that bitch man
She wanna be a Pretty Woman lovin a rich man
Now here you come, drop top ridin
You ain't no pimp fake nigga stop lyin
Pussy makes money, stick to the business
Think about the real motherfuckers that live it
Street life, pimp shit, make the hoe respect the game
You bought her diamonds and cars, trick that's a shame
Say what you want, but I still figured
She left you cause you couldn't be, like them real niggaz
She was a hustler by nature, and you was just faker
than the average symps, found a badder pimp
Too $hort
Crazy ass man
I never woulda bought that bitch all them cars 
and all that shit you bought that hoe man
After I heard about what the bitch did nigga, knew the hoe!
Man I'm thirty years old nigga
And that bitch was hoein when I was in 9th grades and shit
Think about that, she been around then right?
Shit... you just a rest haven for hoes man
Just the first nigga that came along when the bitch got out the pen
Bitch only fuckin witchu cause you had a good ass job, nigga nerd
Treat the bitch better than anybody ever treated her
Stupid ass nigga
She ain't nuttin but a hoe!
Bet you fell in love with her man!
You can't turn a hoe into a housewife fool
Everytime you turn your back that bitch is fuckin with dem gangstas
Eastside Westside these are my potnahs
Do that shit, you know what I'm talkin bout nigga
I tell you about some real pimps and hoes
Tell you about these pimps and these hoes man, yeah I know a few
Shit, beyotch!
Remember back in the days, when niggaz had waves
Gazelle shades, and corn braids
Pitchin pennies, honies had the high top jellies
Shootin skelly, motherfuckers was all friendly
Loungin at the barbeques, drinkin brews
with the neighborhood crews, hangin on the avenues
Turn your pagers, to nineteen ninety three
Niggaz is gettin smoked G, believe me
Talk slick, you get your neck slit quick
Cause real street niggaz ain't havin that shit
Totin techs for rep, smokin blunts in the project
hallways, shootin dice all day
Wait for niggaz to step up on some fightin shit
We get hype and shit and start lifin shit
So step away with your fist fight ways
Motherfucker this ain't back in the days, but you don't hear me though
No more cocoa leave-io, one two three
One two three, all of this to me, is a mystery
I hear you motherfuckers talk about it
But I stay seein bodies with the motherfuckin chalk around it
And I'm down with the shit too
For the stupid motherfuckers wanna try to use Kung-Fu
Instead of a Mac-10 he tried scrappin
Slugs in his back and, that's what the fuck happens
when you sleep on the street
Little motherfuckers with heat, want ta leave a nigga six feet deep
And we comin to the wake
To make sure the cryin and commotion ain't a motherfuckin fake
Back in the days, our parents used to take care of us
Look at em now, they even fuckin scared of us
Callin the city for help because they can't maintain
Damn, shit done changed
If I wasn't in the rap game
I'd probably have a key knee deep in the crack game
Because the streets is a short stop
Either you're slingin crack rock or you got a wicked jumpshot
Shit, it's hard being young from the slums
eatin five cent gums not knowin where your meals comin from
And now the shit's gettin crazier and major
Kids younger than me, they got the Sky grand Pagers
Goin outta town, blowin up
Six months later all the dead bodies showin up
It make me wanna grab the nine and the shottie
But I gotta go identify the body
Damn, what happened to the summertime cookouts?
Everytime I turn around a nigga gettin took out
Shit, my momma got cancer in her breast
Don't ask me why I'm motherfuckin stressed, things done changed
Puff Daddy
Yo..
Yo.. check this out
YEAH!  MotherFUCKERS, C'MON!
MotherFUCKERS, c'mon B.I.G. motherFUCKERS
B.I.G., motherFUCKERS
Two thou', B.I.G. motherFUCKERS
??, two thou', motherFUCKERS
??, B.I.G. motherFUCKERS
B.I.G. at war, motherFUCKERS
B.I.G. ... we proceed ..
to give you, what you need
I am.. as we proceed ..
to give you all what you need motherFUCKERS
B.I.G., motherFUCKERS
OHHHHH SHIT!!!
Notorious B.I.G. - overlaps above
Yo.. too much smoke in here man
Crack the fuckin window man
that's how the fuck you went to jail last time nigga
The fuck wrong with you nigga.. the fuck man?
Ahh ehh.. stupid nigga man
Nigga fuck that
Yo.. yo!  Yo-yo-yo, yo, yo, yo.. yo
Yo-yo-yo, yo.. yo
Yo.. 
I make yo' mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release, you loose teeth like Lil' Cease
Nigga please, blood floods yo' Dungarees
And that's just the half on my warpath
Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater
than the average playa hater, and spectators
buy my CD twice; they see me in the streets
They be like, Yo he nice, but that's on the low doe
Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show
I pull out fo'-fo's, and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggaz, snort-caine niggaz
Extortion came quicker, bought the Range nigga
Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be
til Lil' Cease crippled me
Now I play hard, like my girls nipples be
The game sour like like a pickle be, y'all know da rules
Move from BK to New Jeruz -- thinkin bout
all the planes we flew, bitches, we ran through
Now the year's new, I lay my game flat
I want my spot back, take two
Motherfuckers mad cause I blew, niggaz envious
Too many niggaz on my dick, shit strenuous
When my men bust, you just move wit such stamina
Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at cha (we ain't mad at cha)
Blood rushin, concussions, ain't nothin
Catch cases, come out frontin, smokin somethin
Sippin White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin
I laced it wit the basic, six TV's a system
Knockin Mase shit, face it, we hard to hit
Guard ya shit, 'fore I stick you, for your re-up
Wipe the pee up, mixed shots, woke your seed up
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, LONG KISS
Chorus: Joe Hooker
Y'all can't see this..
That this might be the night..
This might be the night that's right, that's right
This might be the night.. (kiss your ass goodbye)
Havoc
Niggaz playin they hands wrong, that's why they won't last long
Finessed, what I was dealt with from the day I was born
While you bent up on that corner, niggaz plottin and scheamin
Up in them little holes, be creepin wit mad demons
Niggaz knows, not to fuck with my dough
Niggaz know not to fuck with this little bro I'm ten seconds hit'n'go
Black mask black truck chrome rims Chuck Timbs
Enough to confuse, any witness
Strongest of calibers, is what we only travel wit
You gotta get hit, your man did, so you got a hand in it
Extort y'all, once friends, now we gotta cross y'all
You know the niggaz with the biggest balls set the new laws
and flip fours, have em washin drawers while you up North
Gat to your jugular, getting your salad tossed
Overhearin niggaz situation, sayin, Like we thought
Sittin on the stand with no remorse
Chorus
Prodigy
Yo, yo how we do niggaz, I don't beef I shoot niggaz
If I can't get the main character, a few niggaz then
I don't need no gin to boost me
I got enough steam to blow, somebody gotta go
I got fire in my heart, guns in my car
Cash in my Carharts, it ain't hard to get em 
like blaow when I hit em, the nigga shit his drawers
when the 40-pound hit him, the fuck these niggaz thought?
Could it be the fame, maybe it's the 2 Benz or
would it be the same if I couldn't claim those?
Fuckin with, hoes ??
Cock sucker beat it while you bleed it on the dashboard
Niggaz get, what they hand call for, again bricks
You get deaded, I get erections, over revenge
Can you get a quiet spot in the shade, for a breeze
I lay a nigga down and steam roll away ??
Chorus 2X
Puff Daddy shouting a lot over the chorus
Puff Daddy
I never thought it would be like this
I never thought it would be like this
Always thought you would be here
Always thought you would be by my side
I never thought it'd be like this
OH GOD I MISS YOU!  C'MON!  YEA!
Chorus
Puff Daddy shouting a lot over the chorus
Intro: Missy (B.I.G.)
Uh (uh)
Come on (uh)
It goes B to the I to the G so proper
Missy and Big Poppa (Check it out)
Call us chief knockers
Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.
Damn Ma, I love you like the lah, the ganja
Sensimilla, can I feel ya
All I wanna do is touch ya
The ultimate rush, you're drugs baby
Missy
Don't you know I'm the ultimate? To get this nookie, be fortunate
Just like tastin pussy with pork in it
People stop when I'm walkin in, I'm twist-in twistin 'em
Back on ten, I'm talkin 'bout like when Mase come back again
My ski's is immaculate, my paper stackin keep trackin
I'm mackin yo slackin, reaction makes ya'll dicks grin
I'm mo' better than gold diggers with figures
Mo' bigger than Jigga's and even Paris Hilton's
Damn sir, sniff me like the coke, three lines, me one, give you none
Sent am-ilia, all you wanna do is sniff me
The ultimate rush, get high baby
Damn sir, sniff me like the coke, three lines, me one, give you none
Sent am-ilia, all you wanna do is sniff me
The ultimate rush, the drugs baby
Chorus 2x (w/ Biggie ad-libs)
Biggie
Now Biggie Smalls is not the type to fall in love with 'em
Hit 'em and forget 'em and go handle my business
Missy
I like the kind of whine and dine, who grindin all the time
Yo ex girl was a fly, but now lucked up on a dime nigga
Biggie
?? with you, all you wanna do is lay around
And stay around and get mad when I play around
Missy
I like to lay never work, put your money in my purse
To the mall, I go search matchin shoes for my skirt
Biggie
Tuesday I saw you on the zee, but you still wanna get wit me
Wednesday is the Benz day, that's what your friends say
Missy
Me and my friends got your Benz, attractin mens
And spendin dividends, blowin like the wind
Chorus 2x (w/ Biggie ad-libs)
Biggie
So I guess you think I'm slippin cause I ain't flippin
Baby, I'm Big Poppa, ain't no need to be trippin
Missy
I ain't trippin nor flippin, I'm just liquor sippin
At the bar, tippin wit your money, can you pay the difference?
Biggie
It seems like it's a waiste of time, that's why I wrote the rhyme
I hear you jump in every car, except for mines
Missy
Nigga, I don't jump in cars, I'm a super star
Face way to flaw, you should hang me on your wall
Biggie
All I do all day is drink Tanqueray
Thinking of a way to put a smile on your face
Missy
Make me smile, see them teeth, me look cute down to them features
My waste, my physique, me don't want freak-a-leek
Biggie
Should I whine and dine? You put ring on your fingers
While sex from the next man in the bedroom lingers
Missy
Sex will never linger, hold up, put up the blinkers
I flow just like sprinklers, give yo ass the middle finger
Biggie
You better slow your role baby, you ain't got enough dough to pay me
You know the pin number, just page me when you will baby
Chorus 2x (w/ Missy ad-libs)
Live from Bedford-Stuyverson, the livest one
Representin BK to the fullest
Gats I pull it, bastards duckin when Big be buckin
Chickenheads be cluckin in my bathroom fuckin
It ain't nuttin, they know Big be handlin
With the Mac in the ac door paneling
Damagin' MC's, oxygen they can't breathe
Mad tricks up the sleeve, wear boxers so my dick can breathe
Breeze through in the Q-45 by my side, lyrical high
And those that rushes my cluthes get put on crutches
Get smoked like dutches from the master
Hate to blast ya, but I have ta, you see I smoke a lot
Your life is played out like Kwame, and them fuckin polka dots
Who rock the spot?  Biggie!
You know how the weed go, unbelievable
B-I-G, G-I-E, AKA, B.I.G.
Get it? Biggie
Also known as the bon appetit
Rappers can't sleep need sleepin Big keep creepin
Bulelts heat-seekin, casualties need treatin
Dumb rappers need teachin
Lesson A - don't fuck with B-I, that's that, oh I, thought he was wack
Oh come come now, why y'all so dumb now
Hunt me or be hunted, I got three hundred and fifty-seven ways
To summer sautee, I'm the winner all day
Lights get dimmer down Biggie's hallway
My forte causes caucausians to say
He sounds demented, car-weed scented
If I said it, I meant it
Bite my tongue for no-one
Call me evil, or unbelievable
Buck shots out the sun roof of Lexus Coupe's
Leave no witnesses, what you think this is
Ain't no amateurs here, I damage and tear
MC's fear me, they too near not to hear me
Clearly, I'm the triple beam dream
One thousand grams of uncut to the gut
It seems fucked up, the way I touched up the grill
Tryin to play gorilla, when you ain't no killer
The gat's by your liver, your upper lip quiver
Get ready to die, tell God I said hi
And throw down some ice, for the nicest MC
Niggaz know the steelo, unbelievable
Korn electric guitar plays until 0:33
Notorious B.I.G.
What you expected from his next of kin
I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican
I got nines in the bedroom, glocks in the kitchen
A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin
The lesson from the Smith and Wessun is depressin
Niggaz keep stressin, the same motherfuckin question
How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop
and my body start to shake, if I should die before I wake
Korn + (Notorious B.I.G.)
I'm here, I'm watching you (if I should die before I wake)
Love, the flesh, my blood's pourin through (if I should die before I wake)
This, can be, reality (if I should die before I wake)
Wake, up, my dead face I see (if I should die before I wake)
My dead face I see, my dead face I SEE!!
Korn electric guitar w/ indistinct shouting
Notorious B.I.G.
On your mark, get set, when I spark you're wet
Look how dark it get when you're marked wit death
Should I, start your breath or should I let you die
If he start to cry, ask why?
Lyrically, I'm worshipped, don't front, the word's sick
You cursed it, but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit
You herbs get, stomped quickly for raw T's and show money
Don't forget the publishin, I'm punishin
I'm done wit them, son I'm surprised you run wit them
I think they got cumin, cause they nothin but bitch
Tryna blow up like nitro wit dynamite sticks
Mad I smoke, but yo I rock diamonds that's sick
Got paper off my flow, ride wit my own click
Take chicks to Cairo, layin wit yo' bitch
I know you playin you was rich
Fuck you prick, when I see you I'ma..
Korn + (Notorious B.I.G.)
I am here, I'm watching you (when I see you I'ma..)
Love, the flesh, my blood's pourin through (when I see you I'ma..)
This, can be, reality (when I see you I'ma..)
Wake, up, my dead face I see (when I see you I'ma..)
My dead face I see (when I see you I'ma..), my dead face I SEE!!
Korn electric guitar w/ rock-n-roll singing 'til end
Notorious B.I.G.
When I see you I'ma.. when I see you I'ma..
Uh yeah, Bad Boy baby
Ralph Tresvant, Biggie Smalls
Listen...
Singing:
Uh yeah baby oooooooh, listen to me, oh yeaaaah
Notorious B.I.G.:
When it comes to sex, I'm similar to the thriller in Manila
Honeys call me Bigga the condom filler
Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder
You know the ep along by James Todd Smith
I get swift with the lyrical gift
Hit you with the dick, make your kidneys shift
Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino
I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans
I wear thirteens, know what I mean
I fuck around and hit you with the Hennessey dick
Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit
The next batter, here to shatter your bladder, it doesn't matter
Skinny or fat or light-skinned or black, baby I drop
These boricua mommies screamin Ay papi!
I love it when they call me Big Poppa
I only smoke blunts if they rolled propa
Look, I gotcha caught up with the drunk flow
Fuck tae kwon do, I tote da fo'-fo'
For niggaz gettin mad cause they bitch chose me
A big black motherfucker with G ya see
All I do is separate the game from the truth
Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia
Gettin Physical like Olivia Newt
Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
So gimme a hoe, a bankroll and a bag of weed
I'm guaranteed to fuck her till her nose bleed
Even if your new man's a certified mack
You'll get that H-town in ya, you'll want that old thing back
Chorus:
What you wanna do?
I got that old thing back
What you wanna see?
Baby sing relax and feel
What you be, where you are
You wouldn't start
Ja Rule:
Bitches screamin they want That old thing back
Like B I Double G I E
Wit some new R-U-L-E
Notorious known to bustin in ya E-Y-E, baby baby!
Bitches know they love and hate me
I come, you come, we come, with back some maybe
How close we came to come the ghetto is crazy
How come you ain't, ?? semi your similar faces
When I come you be cryin like I'm killin ya bitches
Knows when picture in the camera rollin
Cause I only be knowin how the shit's unfolded
Back shots to the rear, got the mac unloaded
Got a reload, like every so often
You sayin I got my swagger back
I'm lookin like bitch, my swagger never left
It's so hard pressed, to be impressed by these new rappers
They actors, and the fact is, you want that old thing back
Shit...
Chorus
Notorious B.I.G.:
Is my mind playin tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick
Willie D, havin nightmares of girls killin me
She mad because what we had didn't last
I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
Fuck the past let's dwell on the 500 SL, the E and J and ginger ale
The way my pockets swell to the rim with Benjamins
Another hon's in the crib, please send her in
I fuck nonstop, lick my lips alot, used to lick the clits alot
But lickin clits had to stop
Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below
Peep the funk flow, really though
I got the cleanest meanest penis, ya never seen this stroke of genius
So take off your Tim boots and your bodysuit
I mean the spandex and hit my man next
Sex gettin rougher when it come to the nut buster
Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
I don't chase em, I replace em
and if I'm caressin em, I'm undressin em
Fuck whatcha heard who's the best in New York
For fillin fantasies without that nigga Mr. Roarke
Or Tattoo I got you wrapped around my dick
And when I'm done I got to split shit
Back shots is my position, I gotcha wishin for an intermission
Fuck the kissin, lickin down to your belly button, I ain't frontin
They don't call me B.I.G. for nuttin, all of a sudden
Chorus
Outro:
Biggie Smalls
P. Diddy y'all
Bad Boy for life
Once again going to the top baby
Who the fuck is this?
pagin me at 5:46 in the mornin crack a dawnin
now I'm yawnin, wipe the cold out my eye
see who's this pagin me and why..
It's my nigga Pop from the barbershop
told me he was in the gamblin spot and heard the intricate plot
some niggas wanna stick you like fly paper neighbour
slow down love please chill drop the caper
remember them niggas from the hill up in Brownsville
that you rolled dice wit
smoked the blunts and got nice wit
yeah my nigga Fame up in Prospect
nah dem my niggas nah love wouldn't disrespect
I didn't say dem,
they schooled me to some niggas
that you knew from back when,
when you was clockin minor figures
Now they heard you blowin up like nitro
know they wanna stick the knife
through your windpipe slow..
so thank Fame for warnin me now I'm warnin you
you got the mac nigga
tell me what you wanna do...
CHORUS
Damn niggas wanna stick me for my papers
They heard about the Rolex's and the Lexus
wit the Texas license plate outta state
they heard about the pounds
you got down in Georgetown
now they heard you got half of Virginia locked down
they even heard about the crib
you bought your moms out in Florida
the fifth corridor....
Call the coroner
there's gonna be alot of slow singin
and flower bringin
if my burgular alarm starts ringin
whatcha think all the guns is for?
all purpose war got the rottweilers by the door
and I feed em gun powder so they can devour
the criminals tryna to drop my decimals
DAMN..niggas wanna stick me for my cream
And it ain't a dream things aint always what it seems
it's the ones that smoke blunts witcha
see your picture, now they wanna
grab they guns and come and getcha
Bethca Biggie won't slip
I got the calico with the black talons loaded in the clip
so I can rip through the ligaments
put the fuckas in a bad prediciment
where all the foul niggas went
Touch my cheddar, feel my Beretta
Buck with what I had you with
you motherfuckers betta duck
I bring pain, blood stains on what remains
Of his jacket, he had a gun he should've packed it
Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket
so I can reload and explode down ya rasshole
I fuck around and get hardcore
C4 to ya door no beef no more nigga
feel the rush scandalous
The more weed smoke I puff the more dangerous
I dont give a fuck about you or your weak crew
What you gonna do when Big Poppa comes for you
I'm not runnin, nigga I bust my gun in
Hold on I hear somebody comin........
Dogs Barking
Shh...
Come on mothafucka!
I'm comin' as fast as I can
Just bring yo mothafuckin' ass on come on!
Are we gettin' close? Huh?
It's right over here
Man, are you sure it's biggie smalls crib man?
Yeah i'm sure mothafucka come on
Oh fuck,it better be his mothafuckin' house
Fuck?
It better be this mothafucka's house
Oh shit!
What? What's wrong man?
What's that red dot on your head man?
What red dot?
...
Oh shit, you got a red dot on your head too!
OH SHIT!
two gun shots
The Commission
Uncle Paulie, Big Ditti
Caesar Leo DeGenero (yeah)
Charlie Baltimore, Iceberg Slim
The most shadiest, Frank Baby
We here (do you know what beef is?)
We ain't going nowhere (do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh (ask yourself, do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh, uhh
Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre
rapper style used by me, the B.I.G.
I put my key, you put your key in, money we'll be seeing
Will reach the fucking ceiling, check, check it
My Calico been cocked (uh-huh) this rap Alfred Hitchcock
drop top notch player hating won't stop (uhh)
This instant rappers too persistant
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit, make my name taste
like ass when you speak it, see me in the street
your jewelry you can keep it, that'll be our little secret
See me, B that is, I that is, G whiz
Motherfuckers still in my biz
Don't they know my nigga Gutter fucking kidnip kids? (uhh)
Fuck 'em in the ass, throw 'em over the bridge (ooh)
That's how it is, my shit is laid out (what)
Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out (played out)
You all got to go, all I make is one phone call
All you disappear by tomorrow
All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow
Actually, your man passed the gat to me, now check this
What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be an ICU, one more time
What's beef? Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be an ICU, check it
I done smoked with the best of em (uh-huh) shot at the rest of 'em (uh-huh)
Was about a hundred or more, maybe less of 'em
Got my rocks off, that nigga from the Brook just be
whylin on you just be, styling on you (you're so crazy)
When I tried to warn you what your eyes fucked up
Now I cleared them shits with hits, you wanna fucking bitch (mmm)
Pardon my French but ah, sometimes I get kinda
peeved at these, weak MC's (don't stop)
with the supreme baller like,
lyrics I call 'em like I see 'em G
You all niggas sound like me (yeah)
You all was grimy in the early nineties, far behind me
It ain't hard to find me number one with the booyaka (booyaka)
Gimme the Remi and the chronic ain't no telling what I do to you (I do to you)
It's obvious the game's new to you (new to you)
Take them ends you make (ehehe)
and spend 'em on a tutor hah, one shot, I'm through with you
What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep (don't sleep)
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be an ICU (I see you) one more time
What's beef? (What's beef) Beef is when you make your enemies start your
Jeep (Start my Jeep)
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (thirty deep)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be an ICU, check it (I see you)
There'll be nothing but smooth sailing (sailing)
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailing (bailing)
All I got is heat and tough talk for you (uh-huh)
Tie you up, cut your balls off just to use (ooh)
Man listen straight torture, look what that slick shit bought you
A first class ticket to Lucife, real name Cristopher
Watch me set it off like Vivica
Here lies your demise, close your eyes (uh-huh)
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
Pale blue hands get cold, your soul's risen
It's bad cause I just begun, we'll make the real bad
now we're having fun (aha ha!)
What's beef? (What's beef?) Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
(Don't sleep)
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be an ICU, one more time (I see you)
What's beef? (What's beef?) Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
(Start my Jeep)
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (thirty deep)
Beef is when I see you (I see you)
Guaranteed to be an ICU, and I'm through
(Yeah, and I'm through)
Uhhh, uhhh
It's like that
(Now ask yourself, do you really, know what beef is?)
Like that
(Then ask yourself)
Uhh
(Do you really, want beef?)
Like that, like that echoes
(Ahahaha! Yeah, I like that)
(Big Nash, hit me baby, on and on and on and on)
(Bad Boy)
(You all know what it is)
(Shit, I don't want no beef, aha!)
BIG
Throw your hands in the sky, nigga
I'm stickin' ice picks on the tip of ya dick
Give your testicles a swift kick, ain't that some shit?
Am I hard hard core, harder than a Plymouth
It ain't no myth, it's a nigga with the spliff
And a chrome four fifth pressed on ya back
So what you want, nigga? How you wanna act?
I hope civilized cause I love to see niggaz die
Brains all leakin' out on the street
And the pastor preachin' He was a good man
Played the bad man when the burner was in his hand
Now he's singin' sad songs with Elvis
Three to the head, bout six cross the pelvis
Ya fuck with the high guy ya die
Yeah the same motherfucker yellin' Look up in the sky!
I'm on some old neck shit, Suplex shit, hardcore sex shit, and Tec shit
Chorus X4 - BIG + (Girl)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
BIG
A repetitive loop
All I need to destroy a soloist or group
Huh, I put it to ya boy
Hope you got the scoop
Biggie Smalls, the rap genius
I keep the glock by the penis, the cleanest cut
Fuck the sluts with the big humongous butts
Huh, I use a rubber, but
My style is gushy like the hooker's pussy
And it don't take a lot of back talk to push me
Into flamin' 'em like that little nigga Damien
Pop 19 to my motherfuckin' cranium
Game tight, gun totin' motherfucker
Niggaz in the grave thought Biggie was a sucker
I tricked 'em- I gave 'em work then I sticked 'em
I stripped 'em, cause niggaz don't want the friction
Told you before how I bring the dra-ma
Slam Larry Johnson and his Grandma-ma
Chorus X4 - BIG + (Girl)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
Diddy adlibs
Aye yo
Time to bring 'em back
Yeah
JAY-Z (BIG)
It's the Commission, niggaz
B-I-G lives on
??, Brooklyn
Uh, uh, uh, uh, Let's go!
It's fuckin' deadly
Lucky Lefty of the Commission, bow down
By now you fuckers know this is our crown
Two Uptown bullies, Brooklyn Biggie
Bedstuy Hov like Bedstuy Gold
Behold the fly-est (it's the Commission)
Bentley drivers, Louis Vuitton buyers
Jet fuel abusers, sippin' ?Patruise?
+Once Upon A Time In America+'s muse
You based on us, you fiction
Ya eight's don't bust, you a constant contradiction
Ladies please use contraception
Conception's at a all time high with sexin'
Use protection
You fuckers shoulda never been born, shoulda never got signed
How the fuck you got on?
How the fuck you got Shawn?
I'm too advanced, the Lance Armstrong of the dance
Rubberband man before T.I. was
King of New York like B.I. was
B.K. all day, it's in my blood
You wanna see my mask and gloves?
What the fuck you want?
Chorus X4 - BIG + (Girl)
What you want, nigga?
(What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?
What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?)
Diddy
Two of the world's greatest
Brooklyn's Finest
The Commission lives on
BIG Forever
The Biggie Duets
Let's go
Intro: Puff Daddy
As we proceed
to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
get live motherfuckers 2X
As we proceed
to give you what you need
East coast motherfuckers
Bad Boy motherfuckers
BIG - Now turn the mics up
Turn that mic up, yea that beat is knockin
to that microphone
Turn that shit the fuck up
Uh, what?
Turn it up louder
Yea, uh
As we proceed, to give you
what you need
J.M. motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers
Who shot ya?
Seperate the weak from the ob-solete
Hard to creep them Brooklyn streets
It's on nigga, fuck all that bickering beef
I can hear sweat trickling down your cheek
Your heartbeat soun like Sasquatch feet
Thundering, shaking the concrete
Finish it, stop, when I foil the plot
Neighbors call the cops said they heard mad shots
Saw me in the drop, three in the corner
Slaughter, electrical tape around your daughter
Old school new school need to learn though
I burn baby burn like Disco Inferno
Burn slow like blunts with ya-yo
Peel more skins than Idaho potato
Niggaz know, the lyrics molestin is takin place
Fuckin with B.I.G. it ain't safe
I make your skin chafe, rashes on the masses
Bumps and bruises, blunts and Landcruisers
Big Poppa smash fools, bash fools
Niggaz mad because I know that Cash Rules
Everything Around Me, two glock nines
Any motherfucker whispering about mines
And I'm, Crooklyn's finest
You rewind this, Bad Boy's behind this
Interlude:
As we proceed
to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
get live motherfuckers
As we proceed
to give you what you need
East coast motherfuckers
Bad Boy motherfuckers
Get high motherfuckers
Get high motherfuckers
Smoke blunts motherfuckers
Get high motherfuckers
Ready to die motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers
I seen the light excite all the freaks
Stack mad chips, spread love with my peeps
Niggaz wanna creep, got ta watch my back
Think the Cognac and indo sack make me slack?
I switches all that, cock-sucker G's up
One false move, get swiss cheesed up
Clip to Tec, respect I demand it
Slip and break the, 11th Commandment
Thou shalt not fuck with raw C-Poppa
Feel a thosand deaths when I drop ya
I feel for you, like Chaka Khan I'm the don
Pussy when I want Rolex on the arm
You'll die slow but calm
Recognize my face, so there won't be no mistake
So you know where to tell Jake, lame nigga
Brave nigga, turned front page nigga
Puff Daddy flips daily
I smoke the blunts he sips on the Bailey's
on the rocks, tote glocks at christenings
And my cock, in the fire position and...
(Get live motherfuckers
Ready to Die motherfuckers)
C'mere, c'mere (it ain't gotta be like that Big)
open your fucking mouth, open your... didn't I tell you
don't fuck with me? muffled c'mon man
Huh?
Didn't I tell you not to fuck with me?
(as we proceed) (c'mon man) Look at you now
(to give you what you need) Huh? (c'mon man)
(9 to 5 motherfuckers) Can't talk with a gun in your mouth huh?
(get live motherfuckers) Bitch-ass nigga, what?
(get live motherfuckers) muffled sounds, six gun shots
(as we proceed...) Who shot ya?
Outro: Puff Daddy
...to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
Get live motherfuckers
(Who shot ya?)
Get high motherfuckers
Ready to Die motherfuckers
Hah!!
As we proceed...
(Who shot ya?)
...to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
East coast motherfuckers
(Who shot ya?)
West coast motherfuckers...
West coast motherfuckers... hah!
As we proceed, to give you what you need
As we proceed
to give you what you need
Get live motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers
Get money motherfuckers
As we proceed
to give you what you need
Get live motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
As we proceeeeeeed
To give you what you need...
9 to 5...
Notorious B.I.G.
Venue after venue, I've been through
Coming to the telly, so I can bend you
Send you to the store, condoms and more
Jealous females, call you sluts and whores
Could it be my hardcore metaphor
Make sweat pour on the bedroom floor
Open up the Lex door
Jump on in, I'm kind of tired
I'm a roll blunts while you spin
You got your license, right? Alright, no swerving
Hair blonde out, Madonna style like a virgin
Splurging, Dom P., Ro-se
Much foreplay, that's my forte
Niggas see the ring, baguettes to death
She looking for a man, honey he just left
Violate me, he get beat to death
Goodfellas squeeze every shell they got left
Grand Marnier increase the don strength
Two four-fifths within my arms length
With a calm breath I say we gots to float
Throw Little Cease the keys to the boat
Tongue all down her throat, you know the routine
Got my dick large like Bruce Springsteen
And you mean too, eyes greenish blue
Got the Coogi sweater with the bubble Fubu
Beautiful, that's how the night goes
Get out them tight clothes
Get in some night clothes
I invite those girls that smoke lye
Keep it real with you
You keep it real with I
We be tight like frog's ass
Have you screaming Biggie, Biggie give me one more chance
Chorus
Puff Daddy
Would you ride with me? (Yeah)
Would you lie for me? (That's right)
Would you get high with me? (For sure)
Would you die for me? (No doubt)
Repeat
Lil' Kim
These hoes don't treat you like I treat you
Like my contacts, I can see right through
Don't they know me and you is stuck like glue?
Queen Bitch means number one and two
Wifey, ya'll ain't got to like me
Go head and act dumb, you'll just catch a hot one
Y'all know where I'm from
Bucktown, lay your ass down
You don't wanna play around (with me)
Probably just mad because Frank chose me
A fly cu-tie, you just a grou-pie
Girls call my telephone just to hang up
While me and you is in the crib, laying up
Oh he ain't tell you that we live together
And that we gonna have a kid together
Whatever, me intimidated, never
Anything you give to him, he give it right to Kim
Anyway, I fuck better than you
Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you
If I fuck another nigga, don't mean nothing
B.I.G.  is in my heart from the start
Whether broke or rich, I'm a stay his bitch
Chicks who used to be around, where they at now?
(See I don't care bout them other broads)
B.I.G. kept it real with me, and that's that
Chorus fade out
Puff Daddy
Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death
I will fear no evil -- for you are with me
Your rod and your staff, they comfort me
You prepare a table for me, in the presence of my enemies
You anoint my head with oil, my cup overflows
Surely goodness and love will follow me -- all the days of my life
And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever
Notorious B.I.G.
Niggas in my faction don't like asking questions
Strictly gun testing, coke measuring
Giving pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hitting fanny, spending chips at Manny's
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you up  in your Polo sheets
Six up in your wig piece, nigga decease
MWA, may you rest in peace
With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours
Four-four, and fifty-four draw
There's my pilot, steers my Lear, yes my dear
Shit's official, only, the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your blood clot crying
The kids the dog, everybody dying -- no lying
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big Dangerous you're just a Lil Vicious
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all -- death
controls y'all, Big don't fold y'all, uhh
I spit phrases that'll thrill you
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
chorus
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
Uhh, uhh
Watch Casino, I'm the hip-hop version of Nicky Tarantino
Ask Nino, he know
Green with envy, the green tempts me
to make the richest enemy, and take their cheese
Take their spots, take their keys, make my faculty
live happily, ever after in laughter
Hah, never seen Cristal pour faster
And to those bastards, knuckleheads squeeze lead
Three of mine dead, nothing left to do
but tear they ass to shreds, leave em in bloodshed
Incidents like this I take trips
Lay up in Miami with Tamika and Tammy (huh)
Some Creole C-O bitches I met on tour
Push a peach Legend Coupe, gold teeth galore
Told me meet em in the future later, they'll take me shopping
buy me lavender and fuschia Gators
Introduce me to player haters and heavy weighters
Rich bitch shit, drinking Cristal
til they piss the shit, uhh
Thorough bitches, death to any borough bitches
Be in spots where they were no bitches, you feel me
Reminisce on dead friends too
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
chorus 2X
Uhh, uhh
You can be the shit, flash the fattest five
Have the biggest dick, but when your shell get hit
You ain't worth spit, just a memory
Remember he, used to push the champagne Range (I remember that)
Silly cat, wore suede in the rain
Swear he put the G in game, had the Gucci frame
before Dana Dane, thought he ran with Kane
I can't recall his name, wasn't he that kid
that nearly lost half his brain over two grams of cocaine?
Getting his dick sucked by crackhead Lorraine
A fucking shame, dude's the lame, what's his name?
Darkskin Jermaine, see what I mean?
chorus 2X (fades)
